--- Page 1 ---
 
 
 
 
 
              J u l y  8 ,  2019 
 
VIA ECF 
 
The Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, New York 10007 
 Re:  United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB) 
Dear Judge Pitman: 
The Government respectfully subm its this letter in advance of t he bail hearing scheduled 
for July 8, 2019, in the above-captioned case.  For the reasons  set forth herein, the Court should 
order that the defendant be detained pending trial; he cannot m eet his burden of overcoming the 
presumption that there is no combination of conditions that would reasonably assure his continued 
appearance in this case or protect the safety of the community were he to be released. 
As set forth below, the charges in this case are exceptionally serious: the defendant is 
alleged to be a serial sexual predator who preyed on dozens of minor girls over a period of years, 
and he now faces a potentially massive prison sentence predicated on substantial and multifaceted 
evidence of his guilt.  In light of the strength of the Governm ent’s evidence and the substantial 
incarceratory term the defendant would face upon conviction, th ere is an extraordinary risk of 
flight, particularly given the defendant’s exorbitant wealth, his ownership of and access to private 
planes capable of international travel, and his significant int ernational ties.  Indeed, the arrest of 
the defendant occurred when he arrived in the United States on his private jet after having returned 
from a multi-week stay abroad. 
Finally, and as detailed herein, the Government has real concer ns—grounded in past 
experience with this defendant—that if allowed to remain out on bail, the defendant could attempt 
to pressure and intimidate witnesses and potential witnesses in  this case, including victims and 
their families, and otherwise attempt to obstruct justice. As a result, he poses both an acute danger 
to the community, including some of its most vulnerable members, and a significant risk of flight.  
The defendant thus cannot overcome the statutory presumption that detention is appropriate in this 
case, and the Court should order that he be detained pending trial. 
 
 
The Silvio J. Mollo Building 
              O n e  S a i n t  A n d r e w ’ s  P l a z a  
              New York, New York 10007  
U.S. Department of Justice 
 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 

--- Page 2 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 2 
 
 
BACKGROUND 
A. Overview 
On July 2, 2019, a federal grand jury in the Southern District of New York returned a sealed 
indictment (the “Indictment”) charging the defendant with one count of sex trafficking of minors, 
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1591, and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors, 
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371. 
As charged by the grand jury, the facts underlying the charges in the Indictment arise from 
a years-long scheme to sexually abuse underage girls.  In particular, beginning in at least 2002, the 
defendant enticed and recruited dozens of minor girls to engage in sex acts with him, for which he 
paid the victims hundreds of dollars in cash. 
He undertook this activity in at least two different locations,  including his mansion in 
Manhattan, New York (the “New York Residence”) and his estate i n Palm Beach, Florida (the 
“Palm Beach Residence”).  In both New York and Florida, the defendant perpetuated this abuse in 
similar ways.  Victims were initially recruited to provide “mas sages” to the defendant, which 
would be performed nude or partially nude, would become increas ingly sexual in nature, and 
would typically include one or more sex acts, including groping and direct or indirect contact with 
victims’ genitals.  The defenda nt paid his victims hundreds of dollars in cash for each separate 
encounter. 
Moreover, the defendant actively encouraged certain of his vict ims to recruit additional 
girls to be similarly sexually abused.  He incentivized his vic tims to become recruiters by paying 
these victim-recruiters hundreds of dollars for each additional  girl they brought to him.  In this 
fashion, the defendant created a vast network of underage victi ms for him to exploit, in locations 
including New York and Palm Beach. 
The defendant’s victims were as young as 14 years old when he abused them.  Many of his 
victims were, for various reasons , often particularly vulnerabl e to exploitation.  The defendant 
intentionally sought out—and knew that he was abusing—minors.  Indeed, in some instances, his 
victims expressly told him they were underage before or during the period in which he abused 
them. 
In creating and maintaining a network of minor victims whom he abused, the defendant 
worked with others, including employees and associates who facilitated his exploitation of minors 
by, among other things, contacting victims and scheduling their  sexual encounters with the 
defendant, both in New York and in Florida. 
B. The Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein designed, financed, and perpetrated this scheme, both as its main participant 
and through his direct ion of others, inclu ding certain of his e mployees, to further facilitate his 
rampant abuse of underage girls. 

--- Page 3 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 3 
 
 
As has been widely reported, the defendant is extraordinarily w ealthy, and he owns and 
maintains luxury properties and residences around the world, including in Manhattan, New York; 
Palm Beach, Florida; Stanley, New Mexico; and Paris, France.  A dditionally, Epstein owns a 
private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands which, as noted above , is believed to be his primary 
residence in the United States.  His mansion in Manhattan alone —a multi-story townhouse 
reported to be one of the largest single residences in all of Manhattan, which previously housed a 
school and which he owns through an LLC—has been valued at appr oximately $77 million.  
Entities controlled by the defendant also own at least two private jets in active service, at least one 
of which is capable of intercontinental travel. 
As described further below, th e defendant possesses three activ e United States passports, 
and his international connections and travels are extensive.  F or example, in addition to 
maintaining a residence in Paris, France, as described above, i n the past 18 months alone, the 
defendant has traveled abroad, via private jet, either into or out of the country on approximately 
more than 20 occasions. 
C. The Prior Florida Investigation 
In or about 2005, the defendant was investigated by local police in Palm Beach, Florida, in 
connection with allegations that he had committed similar sex o ffenses against minor girls.  The 
investigation ultimately also involved federal authorities, nam ely the U.S. Attorney’s Office for 
the Southern District of Florida (“SDFL”) and the FBI’s Miami O ffice, and included interviews 
with victims based in the Palm Beach area, including some of the alleged victims relevant to Count 
One of the instant Indictment.1   
In fall 2007, the defendant ent ered into a non-prosecution agre ement with the SDFL in 
connection with the conduct at i ssue in that investigation, whi ch the non-prosecution agreement 
identified as including investigations into the defendant’s abuse of minor girls in the Palm Beach 
area.  The Southern District of New York was not a signatory to that agreement, and the defendant 
was never charged federally.2  In June 2008, the defendant pled guilty in state court to one  count 
of procuring a person under the age of 18 for prostitution, a f elony, and one count of solicitation 
of prostitution, a felony.  As a result, the defendant was desi gnated as a sex offender with 
registration requirements under the national Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act. 
                                                 
1 The non-prosecution agreement, further discussed below, was en tered into at the conclusion of 
the SDFL investigation and did not purport to cover any victims  outside of the State of Florida.  
As noted above, the instant Indictment expressly alleges the ex istence of dozens of victims who 
were abused in this District in addition to dozens of victims who were abused in Florida. 
2 While beyond the scope of a bail hearing, as discussed further below, it is well-established in the 
Second Circuit that absent an e xpress provision to the contrary  in the agreement, one District is 
not bound by the terms of an agreement entered into between a d efendant and a U.S. Attorney’s 
Office in another district.  See page 6, infra. 

--- Page 4 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 4 
 
 
ARGUMENT 
I. Applicable Law 
Under the Bail Reform Act, 18 U.S.C. §§ 3141 et seq., federal c ourts are empowered to 
order a defendant’s detention pending trial upon a determinatio n that the defendant is either a 
danger to the community or a risk of flight.  18 U.S.C. § 3142(e) (“no condition or combination of 
conditions would reasonably assure the appearance of the person as required and the safety of any 
other person and the community”).  A finding of risk of flight must be supported by a 
preponderance of the evidence.  See, e.g., United States v. Jackson, 823 F.2d 4, 5 (2d Cir. 1987); 
United States v. Chimurenga, 760 F.2d 400, 405 (2d Cir. 1985).  A finding of dangerousness must 
be supported by clear and convincing evidence.  See, e.g., United States v. Ferranti, 66 F.3d 540, 
542 (2d Cir. 1995); Chimurenga, 760 F.2d at 405.  In addition, a court may also order detention if 
there is “a serious risk that the [defendant] will . . . attemp t to obstruct justice, or . . . to threaten, 
injure, or intimidate, a prospective witness or juror.” 18 U.S. C. § 3142(f)(2)(B); see also United 
States v. Friedman, 837 F.2d 48 (2d Cir. 1988). 
The Bail Reform Act lists four factors to be considered in the detention analysis: (1) the 
nature and circumstances of the crimes charged; (2) the weight of the evidence against the person; 
(3) the history and characterist ics of the defendant, including  the person’s “character . . . [and] 
financial resources”; and (4) the seriousness of the danger pos ed by the defendant’s release. See 
18 U.S.C. § 3142(g).  Evidentiary rules do not apply at detenti on hearings and the government is 
entitled to present evidence by way of proffer, among other mea ns.  See 18 U.S.C. § 3142(f)(2); 
see also United States v. LaFontaine , 210 F.3d 125, 130-31 (2d Cir. 2000) (government entitled 
to proceed by proffer in detention hearings); Ferranti, 66 F.3d at 542 (same); United States v. 
Martir, 782 F.2d 1141, 1145 (2d Cir. 1986) (same). 
Where a judicial officer concludes after a hearing that “no con dition or combination of 
conditions will reasonably assure the appearance of the person as required and the safety of any 
other person and the community, such judicial officer shall order the detention of the person before 
trial.”  18 U.S.C. § 3142(e)(1).  Additionally, where, as here,  a defendant is charged with 
committing an offense involving a minor victim under 18 U.S.C. § 1591, it shall be presumed, 
subject to rebuttal, that no c ondition or combination of condit ions will reasonably assure the 
appearance of the defendant as required and the safety of the c ommunity.  18 U.S.C. 
§ 3142(e)(3)(E). 
II. Discussion 
The defendant should be detained pending trial.  For the reason s set forth below, it is 
difficult to overstate the risk of flight and danger to the com munity if the defendant is released, 
and for those reasons, the defendant cannot overcome the statut ory presumption in favor of 
detention in this case.   

--- Page 5 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 5 
 
 
A. The Defendant Poses an Extreme Flight Risk 
Each of the relevant factors to be considered as to flight risk – the nature and circumstances 
of the offense, the strength of the evidence, and the history a nd characteristics of the defendant – 
counsel strongly in favor of detention.   
1. The Nature and Circumstances of the Offense and the Strength of the Evidence 
The “nature and circumstances” of  this offense plainly favor de tention. 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3142(g)(1) (specifically enumerat ing “whether the offense. . . involves a minor victim” as a 
factor in bail applications).  Indeed, the crime of sex trafficking of a minor is so serious that for a 
defendant charged with that offense, there is a presumption tha t no condition or combination of 
conditions will reasonably assure the appearance of the defendant as required and the safety of the 
community.  18 U.S.C. § 3142 (e)(3)(E).  Here, as specified in the Indictment, the defendant’s 
conduct was committed serially, over a period of years, and affected dozens of victims.   
The seriousness of the charge is also reflected in the penaltie s the defendant faces, which 
include up to 45 years of incarceration for Counts One and Two of the Indictment.3  As the Second 
Circuit has noted, the possibility of a severe sentence is a significant factor in assessing the risk of 
flight.  See Jackson, 823 F.2d at 7; see also United States v. Cisneros , 328 F.3d 610, 618 (10th Cir. 
2003) (defendant was a flight risk because her knowledge of the seriousness of the charges against her 
gave her a strong incentive to abscond); United States v. Townsend, 897 F.2d 989, 995 (9th Cir. 1990) 
(“Facing the much graver penalties possible under the present indictment, the defendants have an even 
greater incentive to consider flight.”).  Here, the defendant i s facing a statutory maximum of decades 
in prison.  Even in the absence of means— which, as discussed in detail b elow, the defendant has 
in abundance—this fact alone would provide a compelling incenti ve for anyone to fail to appear.  
It is particularly compelling for a defendant who is 66 years o ld and therefore faces the very real 
prospect of spending the rest of his life in prison if convicted.   
The likelihood of a substantial period of incarceration is butt ressed by the strength of the 
evidence.  As set forth in the Indictment, the evidence in this case is strong.  The Indictment alleges 
that the defendant sexually abused dozens of minor victims, and  the conspiracy count lists 
numerous overt acts committed in furtherance of the defendant’s crimes.4   
                                                 
3 The current penalties for violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1591 include a 10 year mandatory minimum 
sentence. However, that punishment was created through an amend ment to the statute in 2006.  
The penalty for a violation of Section 1591 during the period c harged in the Indictment, and 
therefore relevant here, was a maximum of 40 years’ imprisonment. 
4 With respect to the evidence in this case, the Court should start its analysis by accepting that the 
Indictment is sufficient, on its own, to establish probable cau se that the defendant committed the 
crimes of sex trafficking and sex trafficking conspiracy.  Contreras, 776 F.2d at 54. (“Were an 
evidentiary hearing addressing the existence of probable cause required in every § 3142(e) case in 
which an indictment had been filed, the court would spend scarc e judicial resources considering 
that which a grand jury had already determined, and have less t ime to focus on the application of 

--- Page 6 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 6 
 
 
Multiple victims, including several specified in the Indictment, have provided information 
against the defendant.  That information is detailed, credible, and corroborated, in many instances, 
by other witnesses and contemporaneous documents, records and o ther evidence—including, as 
further detailed below, evidence from a search of the New York Residence on the night of the 
defendant’s arrest that reflects an extraordinary volume of photographs of nude and partially-nude 
young women or girls.  Such corroborating evidence also includes documents and other materials, 
such as contemporaneous notes, messages recovered from the defe ndant’s residence that include 
names and contact information for certain victims, and call records that confirm the defendant and 
his agents were repeatedly in contact with various victims during the charged period.  Put simply, 
all of this evidence – the voluminous and credible testimony of  individuals who were sexually 
abused by the defendant as minors, each of whom are backed up b y other evidence – will be 
devastating evidence of guilt at any trial in this case and weighs heavily in favor of detention. 
Finally, it bears noting that neither the age of the conduct nor the defendant’s previous non-
prosecution agreement (“NPA”) with a different federal district  pose any impediment to his 
conviction.   As an initial matter, all of the conduct is timely charged, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3283, 
which was amended in 2003 to extend the limitations period for conduct that was timely as of the 
date of the amendment, to any time during the lifetime of the m inor victim.  See United States v. 
Chief, 438 F.3d 920, 922-25 (9th Cir. 2006) (finding that because Co ngress extended the statute 
of limitations for sex offenses involving minors during the tim e the previous statute was still 
running, the extension was permissible); United States v. Pierre-Louis, No. 16 Cr. 541 (CM), 2018 
WL 4043140, at *1 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 9, 2018) (same). 
Moreover, with respect to the NPA, that agreement, to which the Southern District of New 
York was not a party, which by its express language pertained e xclusively to the SDFL 
investigation, and which did not purport to bind any other Offi ce or District, does not preclude 
prosecution in this District f or at least two reasons.  First, it is well settled in the Second Circuit 
that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind 
another.”  United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds 
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
affirmatively appears that the agreement contemplates a broader restriction.”) (citing United States 
v. Annabi, 771 F.2d 670, 672 (2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam)).  This is true even if the text of the 
agreement purports to bind “the Government.”  See Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672.  This analysis 
similarly extends to a non-prosecution agreement.  See United States v. Laskow, 688 F. Supp. 851, 
854 (E.D.N.Y. 1988) (“Defendant’s argument, in effect, is that unless there is an explicit statement 
to the contrary, it is presumed that a non-prosecution agreement binds offices of the United States 
Attorney that are not parties to the agreement.  This position is at odds with the law in this Circuit, 
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agr eement unless a defendant can 
affirmatively establish that a more expansive interpretation wa s contemplated.”) (citing 
Annabi, 
771 F.2d at 672).  Second, the Indictment charges conduct not covered by the NPA, namely  
                                                 
the presumptions and the § 3142(g ) factors in deciding whether the defendant should be 
detained.”). 
 

--- Page 7 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 7 
 
 
conduct that occurred in New York.  The prior NPA included a li st of several dozen victims 
identified in the prior investigation, all of whom were abused in the State of Florida, and none of 
whom are a part of the conduct charged in Count Two of the instant Indictment. 
Each of these factors—the seriousness of the allegations, the strength of the evidence, and 
the possibility of lengthy incarceration—creates an extraordinary incentive to flee.  And as further 
described below, the defendant has the means and money to do so. 
2. The Characteristics of the Defendant 
The history and characteristics of the defendant also strongly support detention.  The 
defendant is extraordinarily wealthy and has access to vast financial resources to fund any attempt 
to flee.  Indeed, his potential avenues of flight from justice are practically limitless.   
As the defendant acknowledged in his most recent New York State  s e x  o f f e n d e r  
registration, he has six residences, including two in the U.S. Virgin Islands (includin g his own 
private island), and one each in Palm Beach, Florida; Paris, Fr ance; New York, New York; and 
Stanley, New Mexico.  The most recent estimated value of the defendant’s New York City mansion 
alone is more than $77 million.  The most recent tax-assessed value of the defendant’s Palm Beach 
estate is more than $12 million.  The defendant’s primary residence is a private island in the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, a place where any sort of meaningful supervision would be all but impossible.  
Moreover, the defendant has access to innumerable means to flee .  His sex registration 
documentation of “current vehicles” lists no fewer than 15 moto r vehicles, including seven 
Chevrolet Suburbans, a cargo van, a Range Rover, a Mercedez-Ben z sedan, a Cadillac Escalade, 
and a Hummer II.  These cars are registered in various states a nd territories including the Virgin 
Islands, New York, Florida, and New Mexico.  The defendant also  has access to two private jets, 
giving him the ability to leave the country secretly and on a m oment’s notice and to go virtually 
anywhere he wants to travel.  He is a very frequent internation al traveler and regularly travels to 
and from the United States by private plane.  In particular, be tween January 1, 2018, and the 
present, U.S. Customs and Border Patrol has logged approximately more than 20 flights in which 
Epstein was traveling to or from a foreign country.  Indeed, he  was arrested at Teterboro Airport 
arriving on just such a private in ternational flight after havi ng spent approximately three weeks 
abroad.  Extensive international travel of this nature further demonstrates a significant risk of 
flight.  See, e.g., United States v. Anderson, 384 F. Supp. 2d 32, 36 (D.D.C. 2005).  There can be 
no assurance that, upon release, the defendant would suddenly lack access to such means of travel. 
Finally, the defendant has no meaningful ties that would keep h im in this country.  The 
defendant has no known immediate family.  He is not married and has no children.  He has friends 
and associates worldwide, as demonstrated by his extensive inte rnational travel, and his 
professional obligations, if any, can and seemingly are plainly  capable of being handled by the 
defendant remotely.  Simply put, there would be no meaningful r
eason for the defendant to remain 
in the country, while he would have every incentive (and every resource needed) to flee. 
Nor would home confinement with electronic monitoring reasonabl y assure the 
defendant’s presence as required.  At best, home confinement wi th electronic monitoring would 

--- Page 8 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 8 
 
 
merely reduce his head start should he decide to flee.  See United States v. Zarger, No. 00 Cr. 773, 
2000 WL 1134364, at *1 (E.D.N.Y. Aug. 4, 2000) (Gleeson, J.) (rejecting defendant’s application 
for bail in part because home detention with electronic monitor ing “at best . . . limits a fleeing 
defendant’s head start”); see also United States v. Casteneda , No. 18 Cr. 047, 2018 WL 888744, 
at *9 (N.D. Cal. Feb. 2018) (same); United States v. Anderson , 384 F.Supp.2d 32, 41 (D.D.C. 
2005) (same); United States v. Benatar , No. 02 Cr. 099, 2002 WL 31410262, at *3 (E.D.N.Y. 
Oct. 10, 2002) (same). 
Finally, there can be little doubt that the defendant is in a p osition to abandon millions of 
dollars in cash and property securing any potential bond and st ill live comfortably for the rest of 
his life.  These resources, and the ease with which the defenda nt could flee and live outside the 
reach of law enforcement—particularly considering his vast wealth and lack of meaningful ties to 
this District—make the risk of flight exceptionally high in this case, particularly when considered 
in conjunction with the strength of the government’s case and t he lengthy sentence the defendant 
could receive if convicted.  
B. The Defendant Poses a Risk of Danger to the Community and of En gaging in 
Obstruction of Justice 
The release of the defendant, under any conditions, would pose a significant threat to the 
community and to the ongoing investigation.  
As described above, where there is probable cause to believe th at an individual has 
committed an offense under 18 U.S.C. § 1591, it is presumed that no condition or combination of 
conditions can reasonably assure the safety of the community.  18 U.S.C. § 3142(e)(3).  Here, not 
only is the defendant charged with very serious sex crimes agai nst minors, he has already 
previously admitted to—and been convicted of—engaging in relate d conduct.  Specifically, in 
June 2008, the defendant pled guil ty in state court to one coun t of procuring a person under the 
age of 18 for prostitution, a felony, and he currently is a reg istered sex offender, under 
classification level three in New York—defined as presenting a “high” risk of committing another 
sex crime and harm to the community.  While the conduct presently alleged does not post-date the 
2008 conviction, it nevertheless underscores the risk he poses to the community if released. 
Additionally, and in connection with the investigation of the defendant’s offense in Florida, 
there were credible allegations that the defendant engaged in w itness tampering, harassment, or 
other obstructive behaviors.  In fact, according to publicly-fi led court documents, there were 
discussions between prosecutors and the defendant’s then-counse l about the possibility of the 
defendant pleading guilty to count s relating to “obstruction,” a s  w e l l  a s  “ h a r a s s m e n t , ”  w i t h  
reference to 18 U.S.C. § 1512, which criminalizes “[t]ampering with a witness, victim, or 
informant.”  For example, in a communication from the defendant ’s then-counsel to prosecutors 
in SDFL, his counsel set forth a possible factual proffer that included statements that the defendant 
had “attempted to harass both [redacted] delay and hinder their receipt of a [redacted] to attend an 
official proceeding” and that the defendant “in particular, changed travel plans and flew with both 
[redacted] to the United States Virgin Islands rather than to a n airport in New Jersey in order to 
attempt to delay their receipt of what Mr. Epstein expected to be a [redacted]” and “further verbally 

--- Page 9 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 9 
 
 
harassed both [redacted] in connection to this attempt to delay  their voluntary receipt of process 
all in violation of 18 USC 1512(d)(1).”
5  Doe v. United States , 08 Civ. 80736 (S.D. Fla.), Dkts. 
361 at 3-4, 361-7 through 361-11.  In addition to 18 U.S.C. § 1 512(d), prosecutors also proposed 
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation 
of the privacy protection of ch ild victims and child witnesses,  to which the defendant’s then-
counsel replied: “Already thinking about the same statutes.”  Id. Dkt. 361-11.  They also discussed 
a possible obstruction plea that “could rely on the incident wh ere Mr. Epstein’s private 
investigators followed [redacted] father, forcing off the road.”  Id. Dkt. 361-10. 
The defendant’s apparent previous willingness to obstruct a federal investigation, harass or 
tamper with witnesses, and hire private investigators that “ forc[ed] off the road” the father of an 
individual relevant in the inve stigation is alarming.  It shoul d especially weigh on the Court’s 
consideration here because the defendant was apparently willing  to take those steps before even 
being charged and thus facing federal indictment; the incentive  to interfere in the Government’s 
case here, where an Indictment has been returned, is exponentia l l y  g r e a t e r .   A n d  a s  d i s c u s s e d  
above, the defendant has nearly limitless means to do so. 
Finally, despite having been pre viously convicted of a sex offe nse involving an underage 
victim, the defendant has continued to maintain a vast trove of lewd photographs of young-looking 
women or girls in his Manhattan mansion.  In a search of the New York Residence on the night of 
his arrest, on July 6-7, 2019, pursuant to judicially-authorized warrants, law enforcement officers 
discovered not only specific evid ence consistent with victim re collections of the inside of the 
mansion, further strengthening the evidence of the conduct charged in the Indictment, but also at 
least hundreds—and perhaps thousands—of sexually suggestive photographs of fully- or partially-
nude females.  While these items were only seized this weekend and are still being reviewed, some 
of the nude or partially-nude photographs appear to be of underage girls, including at least one girl 
who, according to her counsel, was underage at the time the rel evant photographs were taken.  
Additionally, some of the photographs referenced herein were discovered in a locked safe, in which 
law enforcement officers also found compact discs with hand-wri tten labels including the 
following: “Young [Name] + [Name],” “Misc nudes 1,” and “Girl p ics nude.”  The defendant, a 
registered sex offender, is not reformed, he is not chastened, he is not repentant; 6 rather, he is a 
continuing danger to the community and an individual who faces devastating evidence supporting 
deeply serious charges. 
  
                                                 
5 The redactions above are contained in the publicly filed version of the quoted document. 
6 See, e.g., Amber Southerland, Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein: I’m a sex offender, not a predator , 
N.Y. Post (2011) (“‘I’m not a sexual predator, I’m an “offender ,” the financier told The Post 
yesterday.  ‘It’s the difference between a murderer and a perso n who steals a bagel.’”); Philip 
Weiss, The Fantasist, New York Magazine (2007) (“‘It’s the Icarus story, someone who flies too 
close to the sun,’ I said.  ‘Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 

--- Page 10 ---
Honorable Henry Pitman 
United States Magistrate Judge 
July 8, 2019  
Page 10 
 
 
CONCLUSION 
As set forth above, in this case, the risk of flight in this ca se is extraordinarily real.  The 
defendant is extremely wealthy,  has extensive foreign contacts,  and is charged with serious 
offenses that carry a potential statutory sentence of up to 45 years’ imprisonment—even a fraction 
of which could result in the defendant, who is 66 years old, spending the rest of his life in jail.  In 
s u m ,  t h e  d e f e n d a n t ’ s  t r a n s i e n t  l i f e s t y l e ,  h i s  l a c k  o f  f a m i l y  o r c o m m u n i t y  t i e s ,  h i s  e x t e n s i v e  
international travel and ties outside the country, and his vast  wealth, including his access to and 
ownership of private planes, all provide the defendant with the  motive and means to become a 
successful fugitive.  Further, the nature of the offenses he is alleged to have perpetrated—the abuse 
dozens of underage, vulnerable girls—along with his demonstrate d willingness to harass, 
intimidate and otherwise tamper with victims and other potential witnesses against him, render his 
dangerousness readily apparent. 
Accordingly, the Government respectfully submits that the defen dant cannot and will not 
be able to meet his burden of overcoming the strong presumption  in favor of detention, that there 
are no conditions of bail that would assure the defendant’s pre sence in court proceedings in this 
case or protect the safety of the community, and that any application for bail should be denied. 
             V e r y  t r u l y  y o u r s ,  
 
             G E O F F R E Y  S .  B E R M A N  
             U n i t e d  S t a t e s  A t t o r n e y  
 
 
                   By:               
             A l e x  R o s s m i l l e r  /  A l i s o n  M o e  /  M a u r e n e  C o m e y  
             A s s i s t a n t  U n i t e d  S t a t e s  A t t o r n e y  
             S o u t h e r n  D i s t r i c t  o f  N e w  Y o r k  
             T e l :  ( 2 1 2 )  6 3 7 - 2415 / 2225 / 2324 
 
 
Cc:  Martin Weinberg, Esq., and Reid Weingarten, Esq., counsel for defendant 
  Hon. Richard M. Berman, Un ited States District Judge