--- Page 1 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

Pelice Case#: 05-368 (3)
Defendant: Haley Robson
Race/Sex: White Female
DOB: 04-09-1986
Charges: Lewd and Lascivious Act on a child under 16 years of age 800.04(6)(2b)

From March 15, 2005, through February 2006, the Palm Beach Police Department conducted a sexual
battery investigation involving Jeffrey Epstein, Sarah Kellen and Haley Robson. Sworn taped statements were
taken from five victims and seventeen witnesses concerning massages and unlawful sexual activity that took place
at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein, 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach. Several of the victims were recruited by and
brought to the residence by Haley Robson to perform massages for Epstein, for which Robson received
monetary compensation. During the visit they would be introduced to Sarah Kellen, Epstein’s assistant, who in
turn would record their telephone numbers and name. The victims would be brought to Epstein’s bedroom to
provide the massage. Epstein would enter the room and order the victims to remove their clothing to provide the
massage. As the victims complied and provided the massages, Epstein would rub his fingers on their vaginas.
On occasion, Epstein would introduce a massager/vibrator and rub the victims vaginas as they provided the
massage. On three separate occasions, Epstein had intercourse and inserted his penis/fingers in the victims
vaginas. At the conclusion of the massages the victims were paid sums of money ranging from $200 - $1,000.
The facts, as reported, are as follows:

On 03/15/2005, A fourteen year old white female, hereinafter referred to as “SG,” dob aa.
her family reported unlawful sexual activity which occurred at a residence within the Town of Palm Beach. SG
reported that a subject known to her as “Jeff” had touched her vaginal area with a vibrator/massager while within
his residence. “Jeff” was later identified as Jeffrey Epstein through a photo line up.

During a sworn taped interview, SG stated that Haley Robson, dob 04/09/1986, a cousin of SG’s
boyfriend and classmate at Royal Palm Beach High School, worked for a wealthy man and did sexual favors for
him. She also admitted that Robson had offered her an opportunity to make money. During the beginning of
the month of February 2005, SG explained that she was first approached by Robson to go with her to Epstein’s
house. SG stated that Robson along with a Hispanic female, later identified a ick her up at
her father’s house on a Sunday. SG was not sure of the exact dates but knew it was a Sunday. SG told her
father that they were going shopping but in reality Robson drove them to Palm Beach. During the drive a
conversation occurred between Robson and SG whereas Robson reportedly told SG that if Jeff asked her age,

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida -
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

ZZ

Signature of Police Officer

Pagel of 22 See


--- Page 2 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

eS
she should say she was eighteen. It was later confirmed by the SG’s father that Robson picked his daughter up
on February 6, 2005. According to SG’s father, Robson drove a pick up truck.

SG described Epstein's house as a two-story pink house with a Cadillac Escalade parked in the
driveway. She recalled that Jeff's house was on a dead end street. Upon arriving at the house SG stated that
they walked up a driveway, past what appeared to be a small guard/security room. A male approaching them
asking what they wanted. Robson stated they were there to see Epstein. The male allowed them to continue
walking up to the house. SG stated the man told them that Epstein was not there but was expected back. He
allowed them to enter the house, via the kitchen. He offered them something to drink while they waited inside.
Shortly thereafter, Epstein and his assistant, described as white female with blond hair and later identified as
Sarah Kellen, entered the kitchen. Epstein introduced himself to SG. SG described Epstein as being
approximately forty-five years old, having a long face and bushy eyebrows, with graying hair.

Robson and Epstein left the kitchen leaving SG alone in the kitchen. They returned a short time later.
They all spoke briefly in the kitchen. SG was instructed to follow Kellen upstairs. SG recalled walking up a
flight of stairs, lined with photographs, to a room that had a massage table in it. Upon entering the room there
~ was a large bathroom to the right and a hot pink and green sofa in the room. There was a door on each side of
the sofa. SG recalled there being a mural of a naked woman in the room, as well as several photographs of
naked women on a shelf. Kellen told the victim that Epstein would be up in a second.

Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and told SG to take off her clothes. SG stated Epstein
was stern when he told her to take off her clothes. SG said she did not know what to do as she was the only one
there in the room so she took off her shirt leaving her bra on. Epstein had removed his towel and told the SG to
take off everything. SG stated Epstein was nude when he took his towel off, placing it on the floor as he laid
down on the table. SG stated she then removed her pants leaving her thong panties on. Epstein then instructed
her to give him a massage pointing to a specific lotion for her to use. As SG began to give Epstein the massage,
he told her to get on his back. SG stated she straddled herself on Epstein’s back whereby her exposed buttocks
were touching Epstein’s bare buttocks. SG said Epstein was specific in his instruction to her on how to massage
him, telling her to go clockwise or counter clockwise. Epstein then turned over and instructed SG to massage his
chest. SG was now standing on the ground and resumed massaging Epstein’s chest area. SG stated Epstein held
onto the small of her back as she massaged his chest and shoulder area. Epstein then turned to his side and
started to rub his penis in an up and down motion. Epstein then pulled out a purple vibrator and began to

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Pages of 22


--- Page 3 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

gr an cae
massage SG’s vaginal area. SG stated there was no penetration as the vibrator was on top of her underwear.
SG recalled Epstein ejaculating because he had to use the towel to wipe himself as he got off the table. Epstein
then left the room and SG got dressed. She went back downstairs where she met with Robson. SG said she
was paid three hundred dollars in cash from Epstein. Before she left, Epstein asked SG to leave her phone
number. As SG, Robson and{jiiimwere leaving the house, Robson told SG she received two hundred
dollars that day for bringing her.

During the course of the investigation, parental consent was granted for SG to assist with the
investigation. At our direction SG conducted controlled taped phone calls to Robson’s cellular telephone 561-
308-0282. SG spoke with Robson in an attempt to arrange another meeting with Epstein. SG asked Robson,
what did she need to do to make more money. Robson stated, “the more you do, the more you get paid.”
Robson had subsequently called back SG and left a voice mail message for her indicating that she had set up an
appointment for SG to go to Epstein’s house at 11:00 am on April 5, 2005. This message was recorded from
SG’s voice mail.

Based on the above, trash pulls were established at Epstein’s residence with Supervisor Tony Higgins of
the Sanitation Bureau of the Town of Palm Beach. The trash pull from April 5, 2005 revealed a telephone
message for Epstein which stated Haley and SG’s name at 11:00 am. This was the time frame Robson had
informed SG to be ready to go work at Epstein’s house.

On October 3, 2005, Sgt Frick and I went to Robson’s residence and viewed her vehicle parked in the
driveway, a red Dodge Neon. Sgt. Frick and I knocked on the door and met with Haley Robson. Robson was
told that we were investigating a claim involving Jeffrey Epstein of El Brillo Way, in Palm Beach. Robson was
asked if she would accompany us back to the police station for further questioning. She was also told that at the
conclusion of the interview she would be returned home. Robson voluntarily came with us back to the Palm
Beach Police Department.

Upon our arrival at the police station, Robson was brought to the interview room in the Detective Bureau
where | obtained a taped, sworn statement. I began the interview by asking Robson how she became
acquainted with Epstein. Robson stated that approximately two years ago, just after she turned 17 years of age,
she was approached by a friend named Molly at the Canopy Beach Resort in Rivera Beach. Robson was asked
if she wanted to make money. She was told she would have to provide a massage and should make $200.00.
Robson thought about the offer and agreed to meet with Jeffrey.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LA

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page of 22



--- Page 4 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

Molly (Unknown last name) and Tony (Unknown last name) picked Robson up and she was taken to
Epstein’s house. Upon her arrival to the house she was introduced to Epstein in the kitchen of the house. She
was also introduced to a white female known to her as Sarah. She was led upstairs to the main bedroom known
to her as Jeff Epstein’s bedroom. Sarah arranged the massage table and covered the table with a sheet. She
brought out the massage oils and laid them next to the massage bed. Sarah, then left the room and informed
Robson Jeff would be in, in a minute. Jeff entered the bedroom wearing only a towel. He removed the towel
and laid nude on the massage table. He laid on the table onto his stomach and picked a massage oil for Robson
to rub on him. During the massage, Robson stated “He tried to touch me and I stopped him.” I asked how he
tried to touch her. Robson stated that Epstein grabbed her buttocks and she felt uncomfortable. Robson told
Epstein, I’ll massage you but I don’t want to be touched. Robson stated she performed the massage naked. At
the conclusion of the massage, Epstein paid Robson $200.

After the massage Epstein stated to Robson that he understood she was not comfortable, but he would
pay her if she brought over some girls. He told her the younger the better. Robson stated she once tried to bring
a 23 year old female and Epstein stated that the female was too old. Robson stated that in total she only
remembers six girls that she brought to see Epstein, each time she was paid $200. Robson stated she had
brought the following girls: SG, ae) J.S. (al6 year old female), YL (a 16 year old
female) and a. Robson said that at the time she brought these girls to Epstein’s house they were all14
through 16 years of age. I asked Robson which one was the youngest. Robson advised SG was the youngest as
she was fourteen when the massage occurred. Robson stated every girl she brought knew what to expect when
they arrived. They were told they would provide a massage, possibly naked, and allow some touching. J asked
her if SG was aware. She stated every girl she brought knew what to expect. She explained she knew that SG
wanted to make money. She approached SG and explained about going to work for Jeff, SG agreed and
arrangements were made to bring her to Epstein’s house on a weekend. Robson stated that she andqayy
(Later identified ED ici up SG at her house. Robson stated that at that time she was driving
ared pickup truck. They traveled to Epstein’s house and entered through the kitchen door. They met with the
house chef and Epstein’s assistant Sarah. SG was introduced to Epstein while they were in the kitchen area.
Sarah led SG upstairs and Epstein went upstairs. When the massage was over SG returned to the kitchen area.
Robson stated she was paid $200.00 for bringing SG to Epstein’s house. Robson stated SG told her she was
paid $300.00 for the massage.

Robson stated that SG was the last person she brought to Epstein’s house. She had changed her cellular
number to avoid being contacted by Sarah. She continued stating that she had no direct contact with Epstein

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1‘ day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ &

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page’ of 22


--- Page 5 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

a
when he was going to travel to Palm Beach. Robson said when Epstein announces to his assistant, Sarah, that
he is traveling to Palm Beach, Sarah would then contact Robson to arrange girls to “work” for Epstein. Robson
stated that once her parents discovered that she was visiting Epstein, they disapproved of the encounters with him
and she stopped. Robson further stated that Sarah still tries to call Robson’s house and leaves messages.

Sgt Frick entered the room and explained to Robson that based on her own statements, she had
implicated herself by bringing underage girls to Epstein’s house. Robson provided cellular telephone numbers for
the girls she had mentioned previously. Additionally, she also provided possible addresses and areas in which
they lived.

As Robson was being taken home in the vehicle, a tape recorder was placed within the vehicle to record
any conversations within the vehicle. During the drive back to her home, Robson made the comment “I’m like
a Heidi Fleiss.” (Hollywood Madam who sent girls to clients for sexual favors in California). Robson was
dropped off at her house without incident.

On October 3, 2005, Sgt Frick and I went to speak with JS, a sixteen year-old female who was
brought to Epstein’s residence by Haley Robson. We met with JS’s mother at their front door. We explained
the ongoing investigation and asked to speak with JS as we had information that she had “worked” for Jeff.
Mrs. § introduced us to her husband and allowed us entry into the home. We sat in the dining room and met
with JS, Date of Birth a As she was under the age of eighteen, Mrs S was advised we would be
speaking with her. She expressed if her daughter had information, she wanted to assist. We interviewed JS, who
denied having any inappropriate encounters with Jeff (Epstein). She stated she had gone to Jeff's house with
Haley Robson approximately eight months ago and sat in the kitchen with the house chef, but nothing happened.
As the parents were present during the interview, we felt that JS was withholding information from us. She made
several comments as to putting the entire incident behind her. I left my telephone number and advised should she
wish to speak with me again to telephone me. Sgt Frick and I thanked Mrs. S for her time and left the area. She
stated she would ask JS again after we left as to what happened at Epstein’s house. I informed her that JS had
my telephone number and hopefully she would call.

On October 4, 2005, Det Dawson and J drove to the ome and met wit nd

SR (0b GERD uring a sworn taped ile, liane approximately a year ago
when she was seventeen years old, she was taken to a house by Haley Robson. Geted she knows
Robson because they both attend Royal Palm Beach High School. She was told she could make money working

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEZ

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.16)

Page® of 22


--- Page 6 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

for Jeff. She was told she would have to provide a massage to Jeff. GD stated upon her arrival to the house
she was brought to the kitchen area by Robson. They met with the house chef who was already in the kitchen
area. pated Haley Robson would wait for her in the io was introduced to Sarah, Jeff's
assistant, who brought her upstairs to the master bedroom. Sarah prepared the room and massage table for a
massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and she provided a massage. ted she kept
her clothes on during the massage. She advised sometime during the massage, Epstein grabbed her buttocks and
pulled her close to him. 2c she was uncomfortable by the incident involving Jeff. At the conclusion of
the massage, she was paid $200.00 for the massage. I asked {QNDE she has any formal training in massages to
which she replied no. I asked her if Robson received any monies for taking her to perform the massage.

stated Robson had received money for taking her there but was unsure in the amount. {Siwated she
returned to Epstein’s house on another occasion with Robson and another i) GR stated
she waited in the kitchen with Robson, while GByas taken upstairs by Sarah EB tated she only did the
massage once as she was uncomfortable with the whole experience.

At the conclusion of the interview, the tape was stopped. I was informed that Sarah had attempted to
reach QM a cell phone. A voice mail message on October 4, 2005 at 10:59 am, revealed a female voice
who identified herself as Sarah who requested SB call her back reference the police questioning Sip
provided the incoming telephone number as 917-855-3363. d she inadvertently tol
about the police investigation because iad called her to tell her about how she just received a rental car
from Jeff Epstein Shad called her to tell her that she was given a rental car, a 2005 Silver Nissan Sentra,
to utilize to visit family and visit Epstein. asked her what was going on at the house that the police would
be asking questions. GBated a called Jeff and Sarah and asked what was going on
reference the ongoing police investigation. According to §§iiarah has since then been trying to contact her

to ask about the police questions. I instructed! t to contact Sarah and do not provide any more
information to WEB he would notify Jeff Epstein and Sarah what was transpiring.

On October4, 2005, I made telephone contact with JS who had left several messages for me to contact
her. During the message, she advised she was not completely truthful when we met in person but would like to
speak with me to advise what had happened. She further advised she did not want to speak of this incident in
front of her mother. At approximately 3:48 pm I made telephone contact with JS. During a taped recorded
statement JS stated the following: approximately a year ago, when she was sixteen years of age, Robson took her
to Epstein’s house twice. She knows Robson because they both attend Royal Pal Beach High School. The first
time she went, Haley Robson drove to the house. They entered through the kitchen area where she was

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this i day of May, 2006 by County of Palm#each
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

ig ag

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page lor 22


--- Page 7 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

introduced to Sarah and Epstein. She was taken upstairs to a bedroom by Sarah who set the room up with a
massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Epstein then entered the room wearing a towel. He laid on the
table and picked out a lotion for JS to rub on him. At one point during the massage he tried to remove her shirt,
at which point she became very upset and discontinued the massage. Both JS and Epstein had a verbal
disagreement, at which time she left without being paid. She got with Haley Robson who was sitting in the
kitchen and told her “let’s go.” JS advised she received no money for that day. JS also said that Haley Robson
had told her if she was uncomfortable with what was going on, to let him know and he’ll stop. She knew that the
more you do the more you get paid. JS advised that several weeks later she agreed to be taken a second time

by Haley Robson. Once they arrived at the residence, Haley Robson sat in the kitchen and Sarah took her
upstairs to the master bedroom again. Sarah set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to

use. Epstein then entered the room wearing a towel. He laid on the table and picked out a lotion for JS to rub
on him. At one point during the massage he tried to touch her buttocks. As JS was wearing tight jeans and had a
tight belt on Epstein was unable to touch her buttocks. Epstein then rolled onto his back during the massage and
then attempted to touch her breasts. JS then became upset again and told Epstein she didn’t want to be touched.
JS discontinued the massage and was paid $200.00. JS then went downstairs where Haley Robson was waiting
for her. She told Robson she wanted to leave. JS said she never returned to the house. JS stated she is aware
that her friend, ‘as also at the house and had a problem with Epstein.

[later researched Sob GHRRIRIG met with her at her residence. During a sworn

taped statement, CED ted the following: on or about November 2004, she was approached at Royal Palm
Beach High School by Haley Robson, a fellow student. Robson asked EEEEEshe wanted to make money.
She agreed and was told she would provide a massage to wealthy man in Palm Beach. Robson picked her up
and drove her to a house in Palm Beach. She was brought into the kitchen area of the house. She further stated
that fellow Royal Palm Beach High School students YL 1 came with them. They were
brought into the kitchen where she was introduced to Epstein and other females. GRB ated she was
introduced to a female helper of Epstein, the female was described as white female (unknown name ), with
blond hair. She stated that the assistant was familiar with Robson. The assistant brought her upstairs into a
master bedroom area. The assistant set up the massage table and put out lotions to be used. She tol

Epstein would be available ina minute. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein removed his
towel, and laid naked on the massage table and picked a lotion to rub on his thighs and back. GBB urther
stated during the massage, Epstein asked her to remove her clothes. She complied and removed her pants and
blouse. ee remember if she had removed her bra but feels that she did. (as :.; certain that she
stayed in her thong underwear. WP ontinued the massage and at one point she climbed onto the massage

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LE A fo

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.16)

Page’ of 22



--- Page 8 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

Se
table, straddling Epstein to massage his back. While doing this her buttocks were touching Epsteins. eae
was instructed to return to the ground at which time Epstein turned to have his chest rubbed. gape advised she
was sure he was masturbating based on his hand movements going up and down on his penis area. a id
not want to look at his penis area because she was uncomfortable. Epstein removed a large white vibrator which
was next to the massage table and turned it on. stated Epstein began rubbing the vibrator over her thong
underwear on her vaginal area. Shortly thereafter, Epstein ejaculated and removed himself from the table. He
walked over to where the shower was and opened the glass door. She waited as he was taking a shower in her
direct view. When | asked (how old she was when this occurred, she stated she had just turned

seventeen. At the conclusion of the shower, Gray. paid either $350.00 or $400.00. She stated she

wasn’t sure, but knows it was close to $400.00. @iMMtated she never returned to provide a massage for
Epstein.

At approximately 2:10 pm, Det Dawson and I met with YL, lob (ge, her residence. As YL
was only seventeen years of age, I had notified her mother, that she would be interviewed reference an ongoing
investigation in Palm Beach. I assured her that her daughter was not a suspect. I explained the possibility of her
being either a witness or victim. Mrs L advised she wanted YL to cooperate and consented to the interview.

During a sworn taped statement, Y L stated the following: at the age of sixteen, during the month of
September 2004, she was approached by Haley Robson for a chance to make money. YL was friends with
associates of Robson and knew the same people. YL had been previously told by her friends from Royal Palm
Beach High School, what Robson did for Epstein. Robson called a person known to YL as Sarah and
scheduled the appointment. Robson picked YL up and drove her to Palm Beach to a street called “Brillo Way”.
They drove to the end of the street and entered a large driveway. They entered the kitchen area of the house and
met with Epstein. YL was introduced to Jeff Epstein. Robson led YL upstairs to the main bedroom area and
set up the room with a massage table and set out the oils. YL stated that while going up the stairs and into the
bedroom she observed numerous photographs of naked young girls. Robson dimmed the lights and turned on
soft music. Robson exited the room and Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein picked oils and
instructed her to rub his legs, under his buttocks, back and chest area. Epstein asked her to get comfortable. YL
advised she did not remove her clothes. She was wearing tight jeans and a cropped tank top exposing her belly
area. During the massage, Epstein removed his towel and laid on the massage table naked. As YL rubbed
Epstein’s chest area, he attempted to reach down her pants to touch her buttocks area however was unable to
due so due to the tightness of the jeans and a tight belt. YL advised Epstein began to masturbate as she rubbed
his chest. Epstein moaned as she rubbed his chest. She observed he was continuing to masturbate and

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LE fe

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 0

g Officer

Page of 22



--- Page 9 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

attempted to reach up her tank top and touch her breasts. YL, pulled back and Epstein stopped, however he
kept masturbating until he climaxed. He cleaned himself with the towel he was previously wearing. YL was
paid $200.00 for the massage and left the area. She met with Robson who was waiting in the kitchen area and
left the house.

YL then explained she never provided another massage for Epstein. She did however, go to the house

with Robson and Sars: they took another friend of Robson’s. YL advised she was present when
ent to work for Epstein. She advised she rode over and sat in the kitchen area with Robson to

wait fo YL advised while they waited for' the house chef prepared lunch for them as it was
almost lunchtime when they went. When s finished with the massage they left the area. I asked YL if
Robson ever told her what would be expected when she provided a massage. YL stated yes, Robson told her
that a massage would be expected, possibly naked and possibly some touching involved. YL has no formal
training in providing massages. YL spoke about a third and last time she went to Epstein’s house. Robson
drove another girl, ML, (sixteen years of age) who is YL’s friend, to Epstein’s house. YL stated ML knew that
YL had made money massaging Epstein and wanted to make money herself. Robson took them in the kitchen
area of the house and introduced ML to Sarah. Robson and Sarah took ML upstairs to the main bedroom. YL
advised she doesn’t know what happened as ML did not speak about what happened in the room. YL received
$100.00 from Robson for going with her to Epstein’s house and recommending ML.

On October 6, 2005, at 11:45 am, I met with Qa Piob Canam. Lynn University and
explained to her why we there to interview her. She advised she was aware of the ongoing investigation.
stated she had previouslv_ spoken with C2. told her she was interviewed by detectives. During a
sworn taped statement Mc she knew that Haley Robson worked for Jeff Epstein in Palm Beach. Gey
advised she originally had been taken to the Epstein house by Haley Robson, whom she met when they both
attended Royal Palm Beach High School. She began going to the house when she was sixteen years of age and
stated she had been there a lot of times to provide massages over the past two years. I asked her if she had
formal training in providing massages, whic ted she had not. SERB ised she was told what was
expected of her by providing massages and she would have to remove clothing but if she felt uncomfortable just
to say so and Epstein would stop pushing the issue. GB can providing massages and advised she kept her
clothes on. She considered Epstein a pervert and he kept pushing to go further and further. GED xplained she
would keep telling him she had a boyfriend and would not be right to her boyfriend. It wasn’t until recently that

an removing her clothes and staying in her thong underwear to provide a massage. xplained
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1“ day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach

Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Paget of 22


--- Page 10 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

a ne
Epstein wanted to be rubbed on his back and recently he began turning over and have her rub his chest as he
masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. GBB tated “Jeff would try to get away
with more and more on each massage”. ee Epstein would try to touch her more and on one occasion
he attempted to use a massager/vibrator on her. Robson drove iw the house for the original massage. eas
left Sarah her cell phone number and every time Epstein would come into town, Sarah would call her for an
appointment to “work”. Each time she went, Sarah would meet her at the kitchen door area. She would bring
her upstairs and prepare the massage table. QB ised Epstein would ask her questions about herself. Epstein
knew she was a soccer player and would be attending Lynn University. I asked QT Epstein knew her real
age. GR ed Epstein did and didn’t care. The most recent massage she provided was on October 1, 2005.
During the massage, she asked Epstein if she could borrow one of his vehicles to visit her family and boyfriend in
Orlando, Florida. Epstein had told her she could borrow one of his vehicles but later stated he would rent her a
car. She continued with the massage as Epstein grabbed her buttocks and caressed the buttocks cheeks. I
aske she was wearing undergarments to which she replied her thong underwear. Once he tried to touch
her breasts, she would pull away from him and he would stop. as asked if he ever used a vibrator on her.

Ges aware of the vibrator but advised she never would allow him to use the vibrator on her. She described
the vibrator as the large white vibrator with a huge head on the tip of the vibrator. She stated he kept the vibrator
in a closet near the massage table.

QP ated that on October 3, 2005, she was contacted by Epstein’s assistant, Sarah, who informed her
that Jeff Epstein had rented her a new Nissan Sentra and she should come by the house to pick it up. Sarah
informed§iiRhe would have the car for a month. Qijjpated Epstein knew her car was not working properly
and that she had missed appointments in the past because of her car being inoperable. i xplained the car is
currently parked next to the Lynn University Gym field. I asked her if she ever took any one to the house.
explained she took Qi) a friend of hers who attended Royal Palm Beach High School, who has
relocated to Orlando to attend college. I asked if she ever allowed another female in the room. GB vised no
one was brought into the room with her.

At the conclusion of the interview, Det Dawson and I went to the gym area of Lynn University and
located the Silver Nissan Sentra bearing Florida tag X98-APM . The vehicle is registered to Dollar Rent a Car
out of the Palm Beach International Airport. The vehicle was rented by Janusz Banasiack, later learned to be
Epstein’s houseman, and paid with Epstein’s credit card.

On September 11, 2005, w/f AH, dob 12/30/1986, was arrested by the Palm Beach Police Department

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEZ.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page Cof 22


--- Page 11 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

for misdemeanor possession of marijuana. During the arrest AH told the arresting officer that she had information
about sexual activity taking place at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein. Additionally, during the ongoing trash pulls
from Epstein’s residence, discarded papers were found which contained AH’s name and cell phone number.

On October, 11, 2005, Det Dawson and I met with AH and obtained a sworn taped statement. AH
explained she had been going to Epstein’s house since 2002, when she was sixteen years of age. Since then she
has gone to the house hundreds of times. AH stated she became his “number one girl.” She explained that on
her first visit she was brought to the house by fellow Royal Palm Beach High School classmate,

AH said she was brought through the kitchen area where she met Sarah Kellen. for the first time. AH was led to
the master bedroom, Epstein s room. AH explained that as she was walking up the stairs she observed several
photographs of naked women along the walls and tables of the house. ther explained that she was
brought into the bedroom, where Sarah prepared the room by setting up the massage table and provided the oils
for her to rub on Epstein. AH explained she remembered the steam room area, which contained two large
showers. Epstein entered the room from the steam room area and introduced himself. Epstein lay on the table
and told her to get comfortable. AH removed her skirt and kept her shirt on. Epstein then instructed her to
remove her shirt. AH removed her shirt and remembered she was not wearing a bra. AH stated she provided
the massage wearing only her panties. She continued rubbing his legs, thighs and feet. AH advised he turned
over onto his back. Epstein touched her breasts and began to masturbate. Epstein ejaculated which meant the
massage was over. At the conclusion of the massage, AH was paid $200.00. They walked together downstairs
where Sarah Kellen and QS were waiting. AH stated {(iiiiireceived an unknown amount of
money for taking her to Epstein. Epstein instructed to leave her cellular telephone number so that he could
contact her when he is in town.

AH stated that during her many visits a routine was established between her and Epstein. She would enter
the house and get naked in the bedroom. She would then start with a back massage. Epstein would roll on to his
back and allow her to massage his chest area. AH stated Epstein would then began to masturbate himself and at
the same time would insert his fingers in her vagina and masturbate her with his fingers. AH explained Epstein
would continue this process until he ejaculated. He would then utilize a vibrator/massager on her vagina until AH
climaxed. AH advised that during her frequent visits, Epstein asked for her real age, AH stated she was sixteen.
Epstein advised her not to tell anyone her real age. AH advised that things escalated within the home as Epstein
would instruct and pay AH to have intercourse with his female friend, Nada Marcinkova. AH explained the
intercourse included using strap on dildos, large rubber penis’ and other devices that Epstein had at his disposal.
Epstein would watch them have intercourse and masturbate himself . Occasionally, Epstein would then join in

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1“ day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEE LA

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page's of 22


--- Page 12 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

during the female on female intercourse and provide oral sex to both AH and Marcinkova. This occurred during
the time AH was sixteen years of age.

AH advised this continued to escalate during two years. The routine became familiar to AH. Epstein’s
assistant Sarah would telephone her every time Epstein was in the Town of Palm Beach and would place
appointments for her to visit and work for Epstein. Each time something new was introduced, additional monies
were produced and offered for AH to allow the acts to happen. AH consented to perform all these acts but was
adamant that there was an understanding with Epstein that no vaginal penetration would occur with his penis. AH
explained that Epstein's penis was deformed. AH explained that his penis was oval shaped. AH claimed when
Epstein's penis was erect, it was thick toward the bottom but was thin and small toward the head portion. AH
called Epstein’s penis “egg-shaped.” AH stated Epstein would photograph Marcinkova and her naked and
having sex and proudly display the photographs within the home. AH stated during one visit to Epstein’s house
in which she provided a massage to Epstein, his female friend, Nada Marcinkova, was also present. AH
provided the massage in which Marcinkova and her would fondle each others breasts and kiss for Epstein to
enjoy. Towards the end of this massage, Epstein grabbed AH and turned her over onto her stomach on the
massage table and forcibly inserted his penis into her vagina. AH stated Epstein began to pump his penis in her
vagina. AH became upset over this. She said her head was being held against the table forcibly, as he continued
to pump inside her. She screamed “No!” and Epstein stopped. She told him that she did not want to have his
penis inside of her. Epstein did not ejaculate inside of her and apologized for his actions and subsequently paid
her a thousand dollars for that visit. AH stated she knows he still displays her photographs through out the house.

On October 12, 2005, Det Dawson and | met wit i: ob So stated during
a sworn taped statement, that nothing happened between her and Epstein. SR peared nervous during the
interview. I assured her that ] have spoken with other people who advised differently. Qistated on several
occasions she provided a massage to Epstein. She stated she was brought to the Epstein house in March of
2005. SR occ at Royal Palm Beach High School, approached her and asked her if she
wanted to “work”. jgPhade the arrangements with Sarah, Epstein’s assistant. (EB 0 has no formal
training in providing massages, stated she provided a massage, fully clothed for $200.00. As I sensed hesitancy
in her answers, I asked ea she had been contacted by anyone from Epstein’s organizations or his house.
CE ted she was interviewed already by a private investigator for Epstein. He identified himself as “Paul”
and inguired about the police investigation, and left his telephone number 305-710-5165 for additional contact.
SD ies no additional information, as it appeared her responses were almost scripted.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Pagd ot 22



--- Page 13 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

On November 6, 2005, at approximately 3:30 pm, I met with Angela Thomas, dob 08/24/1985, at the
Palm Beach Police Department. Thomas was identified as a potential witness/victim through information
obtained during the trash pulls. During the sworn taped statement, Thomas advised she was at J effrey Epstein’s
house one time, approximately two months ago. She was approached by a girl, was dating
Thomas’ roommate, for an opportunity to make some quick money. Thomas a make some
quick cash to make the rent that month. She agreed to go to the house. She had been told by pies Se that
the massage would have to be done in her underwear. She advised @iiirove with her and brought her into the
house. They walked into the kitchen area, and took the stairs upstairs. Thomas further stated she was brought
into a master bedroom area. She advised she recalled seeing portraits of naked women throughout the room. A
massage table was already out near the sauna/shower area in the master bedroom. Epstein entered the room
wearing only a towel and introduced himself as “Jeff.” At Epstein’s direction, Thomas and moved their
clothing down to their panties, Epstein laid on his stomach area and they provided a massage on his legs and feet
area. I asked Thomas if she had any formal massage training and she replied “no.” Thomas advised she was
topless and the panties she wore were the boy shorts lace panties. She and ontinued the massage until the
last ten minutes of the massage, Epstein, told leave the room so that Thomas could finish the massage.

ot dressed, and left the room as Epstein turned over onto his back. Epstein then removed the towel and
laid naked . Epstein requested that Thomas rub his chest area. Thomas stated as she did this, Epstein, began
masturbating. Thomas stated Epstein pulled down her boy short panties, and he produced a large white vibrator
with a large head. She stated it was within his reach in a drawer in his master bathroom. He rubbed the vibrator
on her vaginal area. Thomas advised he never penetrated her vagina with the vibrator. He continued to rub her
vagina with the vibrator as he continued to masturbate. Thomas stated she was very uncomfortable during the
incident but knew it was almost over. Epstein climaxed and started to remove himself from the table. He wiped
himself with the towel he had on previously and went into the shower area. Thomas got dressed and met with

apn the kitchen area. Epstein came into the kitchen and provided (iii.00.00 for bringing Thomas and

paid $200.00 to Thomas for providing the massage. Thomas was told to leave her telephone number with Sarah
for future contact. Thomas provided her cellular telephone number. Thomas was asked if she was recently
contacted about this investigation by anyone from the Epstein organization. She replied she was called but it was
for work. She stated she was called by Sarah for her to return to “work” for Epstein. Thomas stated “work” is
the term used by Sarah to provide the massages and other things. Thomas advised she declined as she was not
comfortable in providing that type of “work.”

On November 7, 2005, Det Sandman and I met vi as dob mee During a

sworn taped statement, Gated she met Jeffrey Epstein through Haley Robson when they were still

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach

Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me. Sis 4,
Ly
ge ZZ a)

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05

Pagd Sof 22


--- Page 14 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

attending Royal Palm Beach High School. Robson would approach females who wished to work for Epstein.
qua... she was offered to work for Epstein but declined. GOBER: plains that “work” means give
massages. She was asked about any formal training in providing massages which she said “0.” SEB sai
she accompanied Robson and other females who were taken to Epstein’s house to provide massages. ese Po
further stated she had been to the house approximately 4 or 5 times in the past year. She accompanied Robson
with . as, SG, and . Each time the girls were taken
over, they were previously told they would have to provide a massage, possibly naked. They were also told that
should Epstein require them to do anything extra, and they were not comfortable just to tell him and he would
stop. QE tated Robson received $200.00 for each girl she brought over to massage Jeffrey Epstein.
When I asked which girl appeared to be the youngest, she replied, SG, who was really young, fifteen years old at
the most. QE ther stated each time she went to the house, she sat in the kitchen and waited with Robson
until the massage was over. She further stated that the cook would make lunch or a snack for them as they
waited. ] asked her if there was anything that caught her attention within the home. stated there were a
lot of naked girls in photographs throughout the house.

On November 8, 2005, at approximately 2:00pm , I met vit a dob Sa a: the
Palm Beach Police Department. During a sworn taped statement, ME stated she had met Epstein
approximately two years ago when she was first approached by Haley Robson, a classmate at Royal Palm Beach
High School. Robson approached her about working for Epstein and providing a massage to him for $200.00.
Robson had made the arrangements however was unable to take her the day the arrangements were made.
Robson had ;— 4 take QV QB so attended Royal Palm Beach High School and was familiar
with Epstein. called she was brought there and entered through the back kitchen door. She had met
with an assistant Sarah and another assistant Adrianna. Sarah brought her upstairs as she observed several
photographs of naked females throu the house. ated Epstein came in the room, wearing only a
towel, and laid on the table. al: he picked out the oils he wanted her to use and requested she
remove her clothing to provide the massage @@@@aMRated that on the first massage she provided she did not
remove her clothing. Qed she had returned several times after that. Each time she returned it was
more than a massage. Epstein would walk into the master bedroom/bathroom area wearing only a towel. He
would masturbate as she provided a massage. GH tcc she was unsure if he climaxed as he masturbated
under the towel. Additionally, she never looked below his waist. She claimed that Epstein would convince her to
remove her clothes. She eventually removed her clothes and stayed in her thong panties. On occasion, Epstein
would use a massager/vibrator, which she described as white in color and a large head. Epstein would rub the
vibrator/massager on her vaginal area as he would masturbate. (Ped she had been to the house

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

CA Cee

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page “of 22


--- Page 15 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

numerous times. CEH iced she has no formal training in providing a massage. Qed she brought
two females during her visits to provide massages. GER aca she brought a girl named ae:
Gon Royal Palm Beach High School. ye she received $200.00 for each girl she brought.

On November 8, 2005, I met with W/E QB: the Palm Beach Police
Department. During a sworn taped statement, ted she had met Jeffrey Epstein approximately one year
ago. She was approached by a subject known to her as AH. AH had asked her if she wanted to make money
providing massages to Epstein. Ga. heard that several girls from Royal Palm Beach High School were
doing this and making money. She agreed and was taken to the house by AH. AH had introduced her to Sarah
and Epstein and brought her upstairs to a master bedroom where a massage table was prepared and the proper
oils were selected. AH left the room and waited downstairs for her. ated Epstein entered the room
wearing a towel and laid on his stomach. She provided a massage wearing only her thong panties.
advised Epstein had masturbated every time she provided a massage. She stated Epstein continued to
masturbate until he climaxed. Once that occurred the massage was over. She felt the whole situation was weird
but she advised she was paid $200.00 for providing the massage. She also stated AH was paid $200.00 by
Epstein for bringing Pe ee she had gone a total of 15 times to Epstein’s residence to provide a
massage and things had escalated from just providing a massage. Epstein began touching her on her buttocks and
grabbed her closer to him as he masturbated. Epstein also grabbed her breasts and fondled her breasts with his
hands as she provided the massage. WB stated on one occasion, while she was only seventeen years of age, he
offered extra monies to have vaginal intercourse. She stated this all occurred on the massage table. WB tatea
Epstein penetrated her vagina with his penis and began having intercourse with her until he reached the point of
climax. Epstein removed his penis from her vagina and climaxed onto the massage table. GRecceived
$350.00 for her massage. ] asked her if she had any formal training in providing massages, i stated she did
not. WR ontinued to state on one other occasion, Epstein introduced his girlfriend, Nadia, into the massage.
Nadia was brought into room with Sag provide a massage. Epstein had them kiss and fondle each other
around the breasts and buttocks as they provided a massage to Epstein. Epstein, watched and masturbated as
this occurred. On other occasions, Epstein, introduced the large white vibrator/massager in the massage. Epstein
stroked the vibrator/massager on {i vagina as she provided the massage.

On November 14, 2005, Det Sandman and I met i) aay dob Cay During a
sworn taped statement she advised she started going to the house approximately one year ago and has been there
approximately five or six times stated she was sixteen years old when she first went to Epstein’s
house. On her first visit she was brought by a fellow student from Royal Palm Beach High School known to her

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ oe

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page“ of 22



--- Page 16 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

si [ SD brought her into the house and she was introduced to Sarah. Sarah then
brought her upstairs into a master bathroom, located within the bedroom. Gp ated she met Epstein in the
bathroom. He laid on the table and picked the massage oils. She provided the massage as he laid naked on the
massage bed. She stated she rubbed his calves and back area. Upon the end of the massage, Epstein removed
himself from the massage table and paid her $300.00 for the massage. Ew i each subsequent time she
went to the house, she was notified by Sarah Kellen that Epstein was in town and would like her to “work”.
QB 2ted she returned to the house and was again led upstairs by Sarah. She provided the massage,
clothed. s asked if she ever removed her clothing to provide a massage. QBPiated it was not
until the third time that she went that she removed her clothing. Sap. she was notified by Sarah that
Epstein wanted her to come to work. She arrived at the house and was led upstairs by Sarah. She started
providing the massage when Epstein asked her to remove her clothing. moved her pants, shirt and
bra. She stayed in her thong panties and continued rubbing Epstein. Epstein turned over onto his back and she
rubbed his chest area. oe... she knew he was masturbating himself as she providing the massage.
ed she believed he climaxed based on his breathing. She did not want to view either the climax or
the fact that he was masturbating. ‘SR ac once the breathing relaxed he got up and told her to get
dressed. She was paid $300.00 for her services. QEEMBPeted on the last time she went to provide a
massage, she was notified by Sarah Kellen to come to the house and “work”, GP iated she was now
dating her current boyfriend and did not feel comfortable going. She recalled it was approximately January 2005.
She said she went, already thinking that this would be the last time. She went upstairs and went into the master
bathroom. She met with Epstein, who was wearing only a towel, and laid onto the table. GBB ates
Epstein caught her looking at the clock on several occasions. Epstein asked her if she was in a hurry.
stated her boyfriend was in the car waiting for her. GB her stated that Epstein got upset as he wasn’
enjoying the massage. She told him that she didn’t want to continue and she would not be back. Epstein told her
to leave as she was ruining his massage. QP vised she had no formal training in providing any massages.
GRAB tated although she had a falling out with Epstein, she still received a Christmas bonus from Epstein.
GB ted she was wired money from Western Union for her Christmas bonus. Subpoena results from
Western Union revealed money was sent from Jeffrey Epstein on December 23, 2004. GRP cceived
$200.00 from Epstein for her Christmas bonus.

On November 15, 2005, Det. Sandman and I met with MD, dob Qggggg9 During a sworn taped

statement, MD stated she met Jeffrey Epstein over a year ago. She was sixteen years of age and was
approached by fellow Royal Palm Beach High School student, who informed her that she could

make $200.00 providing a massage to Epstein. informed her that she would have to provide this

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police‘Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page “ot 22



--- Page 17 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

massage ples CE cc the arrangements with Epstein and his assistants and took MD to the house. MD

stated she entered through a glass door that led into a kitchen. She was taken upstairs by’ H toa
master bedroom. She recalled the master bathroom had a large pink couch, sauna and matching shower.
Epstein entered into the room wearing only a towel. MD and GB noved their clothing remaining only in
thong underwear. She further stated that Epstein laid on his chest on the table. The oils were selected on which
ones to use. Both MD provided the massage on his legs, back and feet. Forty minutes into the
massage, Epstein turned over onto his back and requested CS: downstairs in the kitchen area for MD.
Epstein instructed MD to finish the massage. As (Ht dressed, MD starting rubbing Epstein’s chest. CBee
left the room, and Epstein began masturbating as MD rubbed Epstein’s chest. MD stated Epstein continued
masturbating until he climaxed on the towel he was wearing. When asked if he had removed the towel she stated
he turned the towel around so that the opening would allow him to expose himself. Afier he cleaned himself off
with the towel he instructed MD the massage was done and to get dressed and meet with him downstairs. MD
got dressed and met with Epstein in the kitchen area. She was paid $200.00 dollars for providing the massage.
MD stated she was aware that re. received monies for the same thing. The second time she went to the
house she was again approached bya. WD advised if she wanted to return to the house to provide another
massage. MD agreed and the arrangements were made by her to return to the house. MD state

drove her to the house and knocked on the same glass door which leads to the kitchen area. They were allowed
entry into the house by one of the staff members. @BMBKd her upstairs to the master bedroom and master
bathroom area. amt MD this time to do the massage alone. Epstein entered the room again wearing only a
towel. MD began removing her clothing as she did the last time she was at the house. Epstein instructed her to
get naked. He laid on the table onto his stomach as MD began massaging his legs and back. As MD finished
with Epstein’s back and legs, Epstein then turned over onto his back. MD started to rub his chest and he began
masturbating. As MD rubbed his chest, Epstein leaned over and produced a massager/vibrator. He turned it on
and began rubbing MD’s vagina and masturbating himself at the same time. MD stated she continued to rub his
chest as this was occurring. She described the vibrator/massager as large grey with a large head. Epstein
rubbed her vagina for approximately two to three minutes with the massager/vibrator. He then removed the
vibrator from her vaginal area and concentrated on masturbating himself. MD stated Epstein climaxed onto the
towel again and informed her that the massage was done. MD got dressed and met with@i who was waiting
in the kitchen area. She received $200.00 for the massage. MD said she never returned to the house and had no
desire to return to the house. MD was asked if she received any formal massage training. She advised she had
no formal training. MD was asked if Epstein knew her real age. MD stated he knew, as he asked her questions
about herself and high school. He was aware she attended, and is still attending Royal Palm Beach High School.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

x [\
LZ fog wi
Signature of Policé Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page ‘of 22



--- Page 18 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

During the course of the investigation a search warrant was executed at Jeffrey Epstein’s home located at
358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach. While in the home I observed the pink and green couch within the master
bedroom area just as the girls previously mentioned. The stairway, which is located from the kitchen area to the
master bedroom area, is lined with photos of naked young girls. Additionally, numerous photographs of naked
young females, some of which appeared to be the girls I previously interviewed, were on display throughout the
house. Also located in the house were various phone message books. The telephone message books have a
duplicate copy (Carbon Copy) which, once a phone message is written into the book, the top copy is then torn
on the perforated edge and the carbon copy is left in the book. First names of girls, dates and telephone numbers
were on the copy of the messages. I recognized various numbers and names of girls that had already been
interviewed. The body of the messages were time of the day that they called for confirmation of "work." Other
names and telephone numbers were located in which the body of the messages were, "I have girls for him" or “T
have 2 girls for him." These messages were taken by Sarah Kellen, who signed the bottom of the messages.
During the execution of the warrant, I located a Royal Palm Beach High School transcript for AH in Epstein’s
bedroom desk. This desk had stationary marked Jeffrey E Epstein. I located a wood colored armoire beside
Epstein’s bed that contained a bottle of “Joy Jelly,” which is used to provide a warm massage. Several massage
tables were located throughout the second floor of the residence, including a massage table found in Epstein’s
bedroom. On the first floor of the residence I found two covert cameras hidden within clocks. One was located
in the garage and the other located in the library area on a shelf behind Epstein’s desk. A computer was located
which was believed to contain the images from the covert cameras. The computer’s hard drive was reviewed
which showed several images of Haley Robson and other witnesses that have been interviewed. All of these
images appeared to come from the camera positioned behind Epstein’s desk.

'
|
|
|
{
|
|
|
On December 13, 2005, Det. Dawson and I met with ML, dob (IMM. During a sworn taped |

statement, ML stated that when she was sixteen years old she was taken to Epstein’s house to provide a massage

for money. ML stated it was before Christmas last year (2004) when an associate, YL, approached her and

asked if she needed to make money for Christmas. YL made arrangements to take ML to the house and drove

ML to the house to “work.” They were encountered by a white female with long blond hair. ML was unable to

remember the name of the white female with blond hair but knew she was Epstein’s assistant. She was led

upstairs by the white female who explained that there would be lotions out already and Epstein would choose the

lotion he wanted her to use. She was led through a spiral staircase which led to a master bedroom and

bathroom. The massage table was already set up in the bathroom. ML described the bathroom as a large

spacious bathroom with a steam room and shower beside it. ML was introduced to Epstein who was on the

phone when she entered the room. Epstein was wearing a white towel and laid on his stomach so that ML may

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ a Z - Signa ting Officer
Signature of PoliceOfficer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page “of 22


--- Page 19 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

massage his feet and calves. ML started the massage with the oils Epstein chose and rubbed his feet and calves.
Epstein got off the phone and requested she massage his back as well. ML began rubbing his back and got to
the small of his back. During the rubbing of his back, Epstein asked her to get comfortable. He requested she
remove her pants and shirt. ML removed her shirt and pulled her pants off. ML stayed in her bra and thong
panties. As she finished massaging the small of Epstein‘s back, he then turned onto his back. Epstein
instructed ML to rub his chest and pinch his nipples. As she began to rub his chest, Epstein asked her questions
about herself. ML remembered telling him she attended Royal Palm Beach High School. Epstein asked her if
she was sexually active. Before ML could answer, he also asked what sexual position does she enjoy. ML
stated she was shy and didn’t like talking about those things. She continued rubbing his chest. Epstein reached
up and unsnapped her bra from the front. ML explained the bra she used had a front snapping device. Epstein
rubbed her breasts and asked her if she like having her breasts rubbed. ML said “no, I don’t like that.” Epstein
then removed his towel and laid on the bed naked exposing his penis to ML. He began touching his penis and
masturbated as he touched her breasts. ML explained Epstein then touched her vaginal area by rubbing her
vagina with his fingers on the outside of her thong panties. ML tensed up and stated Epstein was aware that she
was uncomfortable. ML stated that Epstein said to her, “Relax, I’m not going inside.” She further explained
Epstein commented to her how beautiful and sexy she was. Epstein then moved her thong panties to one side
and began stroking her clitoris. ML said, “He commented how hard my clit was.” He then inserted two fingers in
her vagina and was stroking her within her vagina. She tried pulling back to pull out his fingers from within her
vagina. Epstein removed his fingers from within her vagina and apologized for putting his fingers inside her.
During this time, he kept his hand on her vaginal area and continued to rub her vagina. ML stated he rubbed her
really hard as he was masturbating. ML said he climaxed onto the towel he had been previously wearing and got
up from the table. Epstein told her there was $200.00 dollars for her on the dresser within the master bathroom.
Epstein also told her that there was an additional $100.00 that was to be given to YL for bringing her there to
massage him. Epstein told her to leave her telephone number with his assistant as he wanted to see her again.
Epstein stated his assistant would contact her to work again soon. I asked her if she ever received any formal
massage training to which ML stated she did not. ML stated it was the only time she ever went to work for Jeff
and knew what happened to her was wrong. She further stated that she had never been contacted for any
additional work.

On January 9, 2006, I located and interviewed another victim, CL, dob QB CL was identified

as a potential victim/witness from information obtained during trash pulls from Epstein’s residence. CL stated she

met Epstein when she was fifteen years of age. She was approached by a friend from Royal Palm Beach High
Schoo!, (is to be taken to Jeffrey Epstein’s house to work. She was originally told she would be able

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

a
Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page “of 22



--- Page 20 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

to model lingerie for a wealthy Palm Beacher. CL was taken to Epstein’s house located on EI BrilloWay. Gey
introduced CL to Jeffrey Epstein. Epstein had his personal chef prepare dinner for CL and {MB At the
conclusion of dinner, (gd Epstein brought CL upstairs into a master bedroom area. CL observed a large
massage table with a sheet on it. Epstein entered through a door and exited wearing only a towel.

informed CL that they were going to provide a massage on Epstein. CL asked why were they doing this instead
of modeling lingerie. GRD plained to CL that this was his routine and to rub his calves and feet. Epstein had
told CL to get comfortable. CL removed her pants and blouse. CL stated she stayed only in panties as she did
not wear a bra that evening. CL stated while rubbing his calves and feet, Epstein turned over onto his back.
Epstein told CL to rub his chest and rub his nipples. CL stated that as she started rubbing his chest, Epstein
began masturbating himself. Epstein touched her breasts and stroked her vagina with his fingers. Epstein
continued to masturbate himself as he stroked her vagina. Epstein ejaculated on his towel and paid CL $200.00
for the massage. Epstein told CL that if she told anyone what happened at his house that bad things could
happen. CL and Ca: brought home by Epstein’s houseman and CL was afraid that Epstein knew where
she lived. CL stated that several days later she received a telephone call from Sarah Kellen who coordinated for
CL to return to “work.” CL returned to the house and was brought to Epstein’s bedroom area by Sarah who
prepared the room for the massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein had CL remove her
clothing and provide the massage naked. CL began rubbing his feet and calves and Epstein turned over onto his
back. Epstein rubbed her vagina with his fingers. Epstein began to masturbate himself with an upwards and
downward motion on his penis. Epstein continued to touch her vagina with one hand and masturbate with the
other hand. Once Epstein ejaculated onto the towel he was wearing, the massage was over. CL was paid
$200.00 for the massage. Epstein again told CL not to speak of what happened at his house or bad things would
happen. CL wanted to notify authorities however she was afraid of what would happen to either her or her
family.

During the course of the investigation, several subjects were identified as a potential witness/victim
through information obtained during the trash pulls, physical surveillance and telephone message books retrieved
from the search warrant. While conducting research on the subjects, I discovered that the females were age
eighteen or older. Interviews were conducted on the consenting adults whose statements provided the same
massage routine when they went to “work” for Epstein. The females would be notified by Sarah Kellen, and
made appointments for the females to “work” for Epstein. The females would come to Epstein’s house and were
led upstairs, through a stairwell from the kitchen area, by Sarah Kellen to Epstein’s bedroom. Epstein would then
enter the room wearing only a towel, and ask them to get comfortable. The females would then provide the
massage naked as Epstein would either touch their vaginas with his fingers and/or utilize the massager/vibrator on

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Soe oom (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Pagt of 22



--- Page 21 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

their vaginal area. He would masturbate during the massage and upon his climaxing, the massage would end. The
girls were then paid two or three hundred dollars for the massage.

On November 21, 2005 I interviewed Jose Alessi, a former houseman for Jeffrey Epstein. Alessi stated
he was employed for eleven years with Mr. Epstein, from approximately 1993 through 2004. Alessi stated he
was the house manager, driver and house maintenance person. It was his Tesponsibility to prepare the house for
Epstein s arrival. When asked about cooks or assistants, Alessi stated they traveled with Epstein on his private
plane. I asked Mr. Alessi about the massages that have occurred at Epstein’s home. Alessi stated Epstein
receives three massages a day. Each masseuse that visited the house was different. Alessi stated that towards
the end of his employment, the masseuses were younger and younger. When asked how young, Mr. Alessi
stated they appeared to be sixteen or seventeen years of age at the most. The massages would occur in Epstein's
bedroom or bathroom. He knew this because he often set up the massage tables. | asked if there were things
going on other than a massage. Alessi stated that there were times towards the end of his employment that he
would have to wash off a massager/vibrator and a long rubber penis, which were in the sink after the massage.
Additionally, he stated the bed would almost always have to be made after the massage.

On January 4, 2006 I interviewed another former houseman, Mr Alfredo Rodriguez. During a swom
taped statement, Mr. Rodriguez stated he was employed by Jeffrey Epstein for approximately six months, from
November 2004 through May of 2005. His responsibilities as house manager included being the butler,
chauffeur, chef, houseman, run errands for Epstein and provide for Epstein's guests. I asked Rodriguez about
masseuses coming to the house. Rodriguez stated Epstein would have two massages a day. Epstein would have
one massage in the morning and one massage in the aftemoon everyday he was in residence. Rodriguez stated
he would be informed to expect someone and make them comfortable until either Sarah Kellen or Epstein would
meet with them. Rodriguez stated once the masseuses would arrive, he would allow them entry into the kitchen
area and offer them something to drink or eat. They would then be encountered by either Sarah Kellen or
Epstein. They would be taken upstairs to provide the massage. I asked Rodriguez if any of the masseuses
appeared young in age. Rodriguez stated the girls that would come appeared to be too young to be masseuses.
He stated one time under Epstein's direction, he delivered a dozen Toses to Royal Palm Beach High School for
one of the girls that came to provide a massage. He knew the girls were still in high school and were of high
school age. I asked Rodriguez about the massages. He felt there was a lot more going on than just massages.

He would often clean Mr. Epstein's bedroom after the alleged massages and would discover massagers/vibrators
and sex toys scattered on the floor. He also said he would wipe down the vibrators and sex toys and put them
away in an armoire. He described the armoire as a small wood armoire which was on the wall close to Epstein's

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Pai Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Pagé ‘of 22.



--- Page 22 ---
Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

bed. On one occasion Epstein ordered Rodriguez to go to the Dollar rent a car and rent a car for the same girl
he brought the roses to, so that she could drive her self to Epstein's house without incident. Rodriguez said the
girl always needed rides to and from the house.

Rodriguez produced a green folder which contained documents, and a note with Mr. Epstein's stationary
with direction to deliver a bucket of roses to Royal Palm Beach High School after AH high school drama
performance. Also in that same note was direction to rent a car for AH and direction to extend the rental
contract.

During the course of the investigation, subpoenas were obtained for cell phone and home phone records
from several victims and witnesses along with the cell phone records of Sarah Kellen. An analysis of these
records was conducted which found numerous telephone calls were made between Sarah Kellen and the victims.
These records indicate the dates the calls were made are consistent with the dates and times they
victims/witnesses stated they were contacted. Specifically, The phone records showed Kellen called Haley
Robson during the exact times and dates when victim SG advised the incident occurred. Kellen also coordinated

the encounters with AH, AD, are Gees and QW during the time frame the girls

stated they occurred.

Pursuant to a lawful subpoena I obtained Epstein’s private plane records for 2005 from Jet Aviation.
The plane records show arrival and departure of Epstein’s plane at Palm Beach International airport. These
records were compared to the cell phone records of Sarah Kellen This comparison found that all the phone calls
Kellen made to Robson and the victims were made in the days just prior to their arrival or during the time Epstein
was in Palm Beach.

As Epstein, who at the time of the incident was fifty two years of age, did commit lewd and lascivious
molestation on SG, a fourteen year old minor, by using a vibrator on her external vaginal area and as Haley
Robson recruited, set up the appointment and drove to Epstein’s residence, knowing that SG was fourteen years
old and knowing there would be unlawful sexual activity between SG and Epstein that Robson received monetary
compensation for taking said fourteen year old female by Epstein, there is sufficient probable cause to arrest
Robson for Lewd and Lascivious Act on victim under 16 years of age in violation of Florida State Statue 800.04
(6)(2b) a second degree felony.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, whe is personally known to me.

Fe oe

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Pagtof 22