.") (citing United States
v. Annabi, 771 F.2d 670, 672 (2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam)). This is true even if the text of the
agreement purports to bind "the Government." See Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672. This analysis
similarly extends to a non-prosecution agreement. See United States v. Laskow, 688 F. Supp. 851,
854 (E.D.N.Y. 1988) ("Defendant's argument, in effect, is that unless there is an explicit statement
to the contrary, it is presumed that a non-prosecution agreement binds offices of the United States
Attorney that are not parties to the agreement. This position is at odds with the law in this Circuit,
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agr eement unless a defendant can
affirmatively establish that a more expansive interpretation wa s contemplated.") (citing
Annabi,
771 F.2d at 672). Second, the Indictment charges conduct not covered by the NPA, namely

the presumptions and the § 3142(g ) factors in deciding whether the defendant should be
detained.").

--- Page 7 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 7

conduct that occurred in New York. The prior NPA included a li st of several dozen victims
identified in the prior investigation, all of whom were abused in the State of Florida, and none of
whom are a part of the conduct charged in Count Two of the instant Indictment.
Each of these factors-the seriousness of the allegations, the strength of the evidence, and
the possibility of lengthy incarceration-creates an extraordinary incentive to flee. And as further
described below, the defendant has the means and money to do so.
2. The Characteristics of the Defendant
The history and characteristics of the defendant also strongly support detention. The
defendant is extraordinarily wealthy and has access to vast financial resources to fund any attempt
to flee. Indeed, his potential avenues of flight from justice are practically limitless.
As the defendant acknowledged in his most recent New York State s e x o f f e n d e r
registration, he has six residences, including two in the U.S. Virgin Islands (includin g his own
private island), and one each in Palm Beach, Florida; Paris, Fr ance; New York, New York; and
Stanley, New Mexico. The most recent estimated value of the defendant's New York City mansion
alone is more than $77 million. The most recent tax-assessed value of the defendant's Palm Beach
estate is more than $12 million. The defendant's primary residence is a private island in the U.S.
Virgin Islands, a place where any sort of meaningful supervision would be all but impossible.
Moreover, the defendant has access to innumerable means to flee . His sex registration
documentation of "current vehicles" lists no fewer than 15 moto r vehicles, including seven
Chevrolet Suburbans, a cargo van, a Range Rover, a Mercedez-Ben z sedan, a Cadillac Escalade,
and a Hummer II. These cars are registered in various states a nd territories including the Virgin
Islands, New York, Florida, and New Mexico. The defendant also has access to two private jets,
giving him the ability to leave the country secretly and on a m oment's notice and to go virtually
anywhere he wants to travel. He is a very frequent internation al traveler and regularly travels to
and from the United States by private plane. In particular, be tween January 1, 2018, and the
present, U.S. Customs and Border Patrol has