 acts with him, for which he
paid the victims hundreds of dollars in cash.
He undertook this activity in at least two different locations, including his mansion in
Manhattan, New York (the "New York Residence") and his estate i n Palm Beach, Florida (the
"Palm Beach Residence"). In both New York and Florida, the defendant perpetuated this abuse in
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide "mas sages" to the defendant, which
would be performed nude or partially nude, would become increas ingly sexual in nature, and
would typically include one or more sex acts, including groping and direct or indirect contact with
victims' genitals. The defenda nt paid his victims hundreds of dollars in cash for each separate
encounter.
Moreover, the defendant actively encouraged certain of his vict ims to recruit additional
girls to be similarly sexually abused. He incentivized his vic tims to become recruiters by paying
these victim-recruiters hundreds of dollars for each additional girl they brought to him. In this
fashion, the defendant created a vast network of underage victi ms for him to exploit, in locations
including New York and Palm Beach.
The defendant's victims were as young as 14 years old when he abused them. Many of his
victims were, for various reasons , often particularly vulnerabl e to exploitation. The defendant
intentionally sought out-and knew that he was abusing-minors. Indeed, in some instances, his
victims expressly told him they were underage before or during the period in which he abused
them.
In creating and maintaining a network of minor victims whom he abused, the defendant
worked with others, including employees and associates who facilitated his exploitation of minors
by, among other things, contacting victims and scheduling their sexual encounters with the
defendant, both in New York and in Florida.
B. The Defendant
Jeffrey Epstein designed, financed, and perpetrated this scheme, both as its main participant
and through his direct ion of others, inclu ding certain of his e mployees, to further facilitate his
rampant abuse of underage girls.

--- Page 3 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 3

As has been widely reported, the defendant is extraordinarily w ealthy, and he owns and
maintains luxury properties and residences around the world, including in Manhattan, New York;
Palm Beach, Florida; Stanley, New Mexico; and Paris, France. A dditionally, Epstein owns a
private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands which, as noted above , is believed to be his primary
residence in the United States. His mansion in Manhattan alone -a multi-story townhouse
reported to be one of the largest single residences in all of Manhattan, which previously housed a
school and which he owns through an LLC-has been valued at appr oximately $77 million.
Entities controlled by the defendant also own at least two private jets in active service, at least one
of which is capable of intercontinental travel.
As described further below, th e defendant possesses three activ e United States passports,
and his international connections and travels are extensive. F or example, in addition to
maintaining a residence in Paris, France, as described above, i n the past 18 months alone, the
defendant has traveled abroad, via private jet, either into or out of the country on approximately
more than 20 occasions.
C. The Prior Florida Investigation
In or about 2005, the defendant was investigated by local police in Palm Beach, Florida, in
connection with allegations that he had committed similar sex o ffenses against minor girls. The
investigation ultimately also involved federal authorities, nam ely the U.S. Attorney's Office for
the Southern District of Florida ("S