 probable cause required in every § 3142(e) case in
which an indictment had been filed, the court would spend scarc e judicial resources considering
that which a grand jury had already determined, and have less t ime to focus on the application of

--- Page 6 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 6

Multiple victims, including several specified in the Indictment, have provided information
against the defendant. That information is detailed, credible, and corroborated, in many instances,
by other witnesses and contemporaneous documents, records and o ther evidence-including, as
further detailed below, evidence from a search of the New York Residence on the night of the
defendant's arrest that reflects an extraordinary volume of photographs of nude and partially-nude
young women or girls. Such corroborating evidence also includes documents and other materials,
such as contemporaneous notes, messages recovered from the defe ndant's residence that include
names and contact information for certain victims, and call records that confirm the defendant and
his agents were repeatedly in contact with various victims during the charged period. Put simply,
all of this evidence - the voluminous and credible testimony of individuals who were sexually
abused by the defendant as minors, each of whom are backed up b y other evidence - will be
devastating evidence of guilt at any trial in this case and weighs heavily in favor of detention.
Finally, it bears noting that neither the age of the conduct nor the defendant's previous nonprosecution agreement ("NPA") with a different federal district pose any impediment to his
conviction. As an initial matter, all of the conduct is timely charged, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3283,
which was amended in 2003 to extend the limitations period for conduct that was timely as of the
date of the amendment, to any time during the lifetime of the m inor victim. See United States v.
Chief, 438 F.3d 920, 922-25 (9th Cir. 2006) (finding that because Co ngress extended the statute
of limitations for sex offenses involving minors during the tim e the previous statute was still
running, the extension was permissible); United States v. Pierre-Louis, No. 16 Cr. 541 (CM), 2018
WL 4043140, at *1 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 9, 2018) (same).
Moreover, with respect to the NPA, that agreement, to which the Southern District of New
York was not a party, which by its express language pertained e xclusively to the SDFL
investigation, and which did not purport to bind any other Offi ce or District, does not preclude
prosecution in this District f or at least two reasons. First, it is well settled in the Second Circuit
that "a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney's office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind
another." United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App'x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) ("A plea agreement binds
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it
affirmatively appears that the agreement contemplates a broader restriction.") (citing United States
v. Annabi, 771 F.2d 670, 672 (2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam)). This is true even if the text of the
agreement purports to bind "the Government." See Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672. This analysis
similarly extends to a non-prosecution agreement. See United States v. Laskow, 688 F. Supp