 detention.
1. The Nature and Circumstances of the Offense and the Strength of the Evidence
The "nature and circumstances" of this offense plainly favor de tention. 18 U.S.C.
§ 3142(g)(1) (specifically enumerat ing "whether the offense. . . involves a minor victim" as a
factor in bail applications). Indeed, the crime of sex trafficking of a minor is so serious that for a
defendant charged with that offense, there is a presumption tha t no condition or combination of
conditions will reasonably assure the appearance of the defendant as required and the safety of the
community. 18 U.S.C. § 3142 (e)(3)(E). Here, as specified in the Indictment, the defendant's
conduct was committed serially, over a period of years, and affected dozens of victims.
The seriousness of the charge is also reflected in the penaltie s the defendant faces, which
include up to 45 years of incarceration for Counts One and Two of the Indictment.3 As the Second
Circuit has noted, the possibility of a severe sentence is a significant factor in assessing the risk of
flight. See Jackson, 823 F.2d at 7; see also United States v. Cisneros , 328 F.3d 610, 618 (10th Cir.
2003) (defendant was a flight risk because her knowledge of the seriousness of the charges against her
gave her a strong incentive to abscond); United States v. Townsend, 897 F.2d 989, 995 (9th Cir. 1990)
("Facing the much graver penalties possible under the present indictment, the defendants have an even
greater incentive to consider flight."). Here, the defendant i s facing a statutory maximum of decades
in prison. Even in the absence of means- which, as discussed in detail b elow, the defendant has
in abundance-this fact alone would provide a compelling incenti ve for anyone to fail to appear.
It is particularly compelling for a defendant who is 66 years o ld and therefore faces the very real
prospect of spending the rest of his life in prison if convicted.
The likelihood of a substantial period of incarceration is butt ressed by the strength of the
evidence. As set forth in the Indictment, the evidence in this case is strong. The Indictment alleges
that the defendant sexually abused dozens of minor victims, and the conspiracy count lists
numerous overt acts committed in furtherance of the defendant's crimes.4

3 The current penalties for violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1591 include a 10 year mandatory minimum
sentence. However, that punishment was created through an amend ment to the statute in 2006.
The penalty for a violation of Section 1591 during the period c harged in the Indictment, and
therefore relevant here, was a maximum of 40 years' imprisonment.
4 With respect to the evidence in this case, the Court should start its analysis by accepting that the
Indictment is sufficient, on its own, to establish probable cau se that the defendant committed the
crimes of sex trafficking and sex trafficking conspiracy. Contreras, 776 F.2d at 54. ("Were an
evidentiary hearing addressing the existence of probable cause required in every § 3142(e) case in
which an indictment had been filed, the court would spend scarc e judicial resources considering
that which a grand jury had already determined, and have less t ime to focus on the application of

--- Page 6 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 6

Multiple victims, including several specified in the Indictment, have provided information
against the defendant