 prosecutors also proposed
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation
of the privacy protection of ch ild victims and child witnesses, to which the defendant's thencounsel replied: "Already thinking about the same statutes." Id. Dkt. 361-11. They also discussed
a possible obstruction plea that "could rely on the incident wh ere Mr. Epstein's private
investigators followed [redacted] father, forcing off the road." Id. Dkt. 361-10.
The defendant's apparent previous willingness to obstruct a federal investigation, harass or
tamper with witnesses, and hire private investigators that " forc[ed] off the road" the father of an
individual relevant in the inve stigation is alarming. It shoul d especially weigh on the Court's
consideration here because the defendant was apparently willing to take those steps before even
being charged and thus facing federal indictment; the incentive to interfere in the Government's
case here, where an Indictment has been returned, is exponentia l l y g r e a t e r . A n d a s d i s c u s s e d
above, the defendant has nearly limitless means to do so.
Finally, despite having been pre viously convicted of a sex offe nse involving an underage
victim, the defendant has continued to maintain a vast trove of lewd photographs of young-looking
women or girls in his Manhattan mansion. In a search of the New York Residence on the night of
his arrest, on July 6-7, 2019, pursuant to judicially-authorized warrants, law enforcement officers
discovered not only specific evid ence consistent with victim re collections of the inside of the
mansion, further strengthening the evidence of the conduct charged in the Indictment, but also at
least hundreds-and perhaps thousands-of sexually suggestive photographs of fully- or partiallynude females. While these items were only seized this weekend and are still being reviewed, some
of the nude or partially-nude photographs appear to be of underage girls, including at least one girl
who, according to her counsel, was underage at the time the rel evant photographs were taken.
Additionally, some of the photographs referenced herein were discovered in a locked safe, in which
law enforcement officers also found compact discs with hand-wri tten labels including the
following: "Young [Name] + [Name]," "Misc nudes 1," and "Girl p ics nude." The defendant, a
registered sex offender, is not reformed, he is not chastened, he is not repentant; 6 rather, he is a
continuing danger to the community and an individual who faces devastating evidence supporting
deeply serious charges.

5 The redactions above are contained in the publicly filed version of the quoted document.
6 See, e.g., Amber Southerland, Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein: I'm a sex offender, not a predator ,
N.Y. Post (2011) ("'I'm not a sexual predator, I'm an "offender ," the financier told The Post
yesterday. 'It's the difference between a murderer and a perso n who steals a bagel.'"); Philip
Weiss, The Fantasist, New York Magazine (2007) ("'It's the Icarus story, someone who flies too
close to the sun,' I said. 'Did Icarus like massages?' Epstein asked.").

--- Page 10 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 10

CONCLUSION
As set forth above, in this case, the risk of flight in this ca se is extraordinarily real. The
defendant is extremely wealthy, has extensive foreign contacts, and is charged with serious
