 to
this District-make the risk of flight exceptionally high in this case, particularly when considered
in conjunction with the strength of the government's case and t he lengthy sentence the defendant
could receive if convicted.
B. The Defendant Poses a Risk of Danger to the Community and of En gaging in
Obstruction of Justice
The release of the defendant, under any conditions, would pose a significant threat to the
community and to the ongoing investigation.
As described above, where there is probable cause to believe th at an individual has
committed an offense under 18 U.S.C. § 1591, it is presumed that no condition or combination of
conditions can reasonably assure the safety of the community. 18 U.S.C. § 3142(e)(3). Here, not
only is the defendant charged with very serious sex crimes agai nst minors, he has already
previously admitted to-and been convicted of-engaging in relate d conduct. Specifically, in
June 2008, the defendant pled guil ty in state court to one coun t of procuring a person under the
age of 18 for prostitution, a felony, and he currently is a reg istered sex offender, under
classification level three in New York-defined as presenting a "high" risk of committing another
sex crime and harm to the community. While the conduct presently alleged does not post-date the
2008 conviction, it nevertheless underscores the risk he poses to the community if released.
Additionally, and in connection with the investigation of the defendant's offense in Florida,
there were credible allegations that the defendant engaged in w itness tampering, harassment, or
other obstructive behaviors. In fact, according to publicly-fi led court documents, there were
discussions between prosecutors and the defendant's then-counse l about the possibility of the
defendant pleading guilty to count s relating to "obstruction," a s w e l l a s " h a r a s s m e n t , " w i t h
reference to 18 U.S.C. § 1512, which criminalizes "[t]ampering with a witness, victim, or
informant." For example, in a communication from the defendant 's then-counsel to prosecutors
in SDFL, his counsel set forth a possible factual proffer that included statements that the defendant
had "attempted to harass both [redacted] delay and hinder their receipt of a [redacted] to attend an
official proceeding" and that the defendant "in particular, changed travel plans and flew with both
[redacted] to the United States Virgin Islands rather than to a n airport in New Jersey in order to
attempt to delay their receipt of what Mr. Epstein expected to be a [redacted]" and "further verbally

--- Page 9 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 9

harassed both [redacted] in connection to this attempt to delay their voluntary receipt of process
all in violation of 18 USC 1512(d)(1)."
5 Doe v. United States , 08 Civ. 80736 (S.D. Fla.), Dkts.
361 at 3-4, 361-7 through 361-11. In addition to 18 U.S.C. § 1 512(d), prosecutors also proposed
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation
of the privacy protection of ch ild victims and child witnesses, to which the defendant's thencounsel replied: "Already thinking about the same statutes." Id. Dkt. 361-11. They also discussed
a possible obstruction plea that "could rely on the incident wh ere Mr. Epstein's private
investigators followed [redacted