lands, New York, Florida, and New Mexico. The defendant also has access to two private jets,
giving him the ability to leave the country secretly and on a m oment's notice and to go virtually
anywhere he wants to travel. He is a very frequent internation al traveler and regularly travels to
and from the United States by private plane. In particular, be tween January 1, 2018, and the
present, U.S. Customs and Border Patrol has logged approximately more than 20 flights in which
Epstein was traveling to or from a foreign country. Indeed, he was arrested at Teterboro Airport
arriving on just such a private in ternational flight after havi ng spent approximately three weeks
abroad. Extensive international travel of this nature further demonstrates a significant risk of
flight. See, e.g., United States v. Anderson, 384 F. Supp. 2d 32, 36 (D.D.C. 2005). There can be
no assurance that, upon release, the defendant would suddenly lack access to such means of travel.
Finally, the defendant has no meaningful ties that would keep h im in this country. The
defendant has no known immediate family. He is not married and has no children. He has friends
and associates worldwide, as demonstrated by his extensive inte rnational travel, and his
professional obligations, if any, can and seemingly are plainly capable of being handled by the
defendant remotely. Simply put, there would be no meaningful r
eason for the defendant to remain
in the country, while he would have every incentive (and every resource needed) to flee.
Nor would home confinement with electronic monitoring reasonabl y assure the
defendant's presence as required. At best, home confinement wi th electronic monitoring would

--- Page 8 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 8

merely reduce his head start should he decide to flee. See United States v. Zarger, No. 00 Cr. 773,
2000 WL 1134364, at *1 (E.D.N.Y. Aug. 4, 2000) (Gleeson, J.) (rejecting defendant's application
for bail in part because home detention with electronic monitor ing "at best . . . limits a fleeing
defendant's head start"); see also United States v. Casteneda , No. 18 Cr. 047, 2018 WL 888744,
at *9 (N.D. Cal. Feb. 2018) (same); United States v. Anderson , 384 F.Supp.2d 32, 41 (D.D.C.
2005) (same); United States v. Benatar , No. 02 Cr. 099, 2002 WL 31410262, at *3 (E.D.N.Y.
Oct. 10, 2002) (same).
Finally, there can be little doubt that the defendant is in a p osition to abandon millions of
dollars in cash and property securing any potential bond and st ill live comfortably for the rest of
his life. These resources, and the ease with which the defenda nt could flee and live outside the
reach of law enforcement-particularly considering his vast wealth and lack of meaningful ties to
this District-make the risk of flight exceptionally high in this case, particularly when considered
in conjunction with the strength of the government's case and t he lengthy sentence the defendant
could receive if convicted.
B. The Defendant Poses a Risk of Danger to the Community and of En gaging in
Obstruction of Justice
The release of the defendant, under any conditions, would pose a significant threat to the
community and to the ongoing investigation.
As described above, where there is probable