--- Page 1 ---

J u l y 8 , 2019

VIA ECF

The Honorable Henry Pitman
United States District Court
Southern District of New York
United States Courthouse
500 Pearl Street
New York, New York 10007
Re: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)
Dear Judge Pitman:
The Government respectfully subm its this letter in advance of t he bail hearing scheduled
for July 8, 2019, in the above-captioned case. For the reasons set forth herein, the Court should
order that the defendant be detained pending trial; he cannot m eet his burden of overcoming the
presumption that there is no combination of conditions that would reasonably assure his continued
appearance in this case or protect the safety of the community were he to be released.
As set forth below, the charges in this case are exceptionally serious: the defendant is
alleged to be a serial sexual predator who preyed on dozens of minor girls over a period of years,
and he now faces a potentially massive prison sentence predicated on substantial and multifaceted
evidence of his guilt. In light of the strength of the Governm ent's evidence and the substantial
incarceratory term the defendant would face upon conviction, th ere is an extraordinary risk of
flight, particularly given the defendant's exorbitant wealth, his ownership of and access to private
planes capable of international travel, and his significant int ernational ties. Indeed, the arrest of
the defendant occurred when he arrived in the United States on his private jet after having returned
from a multi-week stay abroad.
Finally, and as detailed herein, the Government has real concer ns-grounded in past
experience with this defendant-that if allowed to remain out on bail, the defendant could attempt
to pressure and intimidate witnesses and potential witnesses in this case, including victims and
their families, and otherwise attempt to obstruct justice. As a result, he poses both an acute danger
to the community, including some of its most vulnerable members, and a significant risk of flight.
The defendant thus cannot overcome the statutory presumption that detention is appropriate in this
case, and the Court should order that he be detained pending trial.

The Silvio J. Mollo Building
O n e S a i n t A n d r e w ' s P l a z a
New York, New York 10007
U.S. Department of Justice

United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

--- Page 2 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 2

BACKGROUND
A. Overview
On July 2, 2019, a federal grand jury in the Southern District of New York returned a sealed
indictment (the "Indictment") charging the defendant with one count of sex trafficking of minors,
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1591, and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors,
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371.
As charged by the grand jury, the facts underlying the charges in the Indictment arise from
a years-long scheme to sexually abuse underage girls. In particular, beginning in at least 2002, the
defendant enticed and recruited dozens of minor girls to engage in sex acts with him, for which he
paid the victims hundreds of dollars in cash.
He undertook this activity in at least two different locations, including his mansion in
Manhattan, New York (the "New York Residence") and his estate i n Palm Beach, Florida (the
"Palm Beach Residence"). In both New York and Florida, the defendant perpetuated this abuse in
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide "mas sages" to the defendant, which
would be