defendant has traveled abroad, via private jet, either into or out of the country on approximately
more than 20 occasions.
C. The Prior Florida Investigation
In or about 2005, the defendant was investigated by local police in Palm Beach, Florida, in
connection with allegations that he had committed similar sex o ffenses against minor girls. The
investigation ultimately also involved federal authorities, nam ely the U.S. Attorney's Office for
the Southern District of Florida ("SDFL") and the FBI's Miami O ffice, and included interviews
with victims based in the Palm Beach area, including some of the alleged victims relevant to Count
One of the instant Indictment.1
In fall 2007, the defendant ent ered into a non-prosecution agre ement with the SDFL in
connection with the conduct at i ssue in that investigation, whi ch the non-prosecution agreement
identified as including investigations into the defendant's abuse of minor girls in the Palm Beach
area. The Southern District of New York was not a signatory to that agreement, and the defendant
was never charged federally.2 In June 2008, the defendant pled guilty in state court to one count
of procuring a person under the age of 18 for prostitution, a f elony, and one count of solicitation
of prostitution, a felony. As a result, the defendant was desi gnated as a sex offender with
registration requirements under the national Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act.

1 The non-prosecution agreement, further discussed below, was en tered into at the conclusion of
the SDFL investigation and did not purport to cover any victims outside of the State of Florida.
As noted above, the instant Indictment expressly alleges the ex istence of dozens of victims who
were abused in this District in addition to dozens of victims who were abused in Florida.
2 While beyond the scope of a bail hearing, as discussed further below, it is well-established in the
Second Circuit that absent an e xpress provision to the contrary in the agreement, one District is
not bound by the terms of an agreement entered into between a d efendant and a U.S. Attorney's
Office in another district. See page 6, infra.

--- Page 4 --Honorable Henry Pitman
United States Magistrate Judge
July 8, 2019
Page 4

ARGUMENT
I. Applicable Law
Under the Bail Reform Act, 18 U.S.C. §§ 3141 et seq., federal c ourts are empowered to
order a defendant's detention pending trial upon a determinatio n that the defendant is either a
danger to the community or a risk of flight. 18 U.S.C. § 3142(e) ("no condition or combination of
conditions would reasonably assure the appearance of the person as required and the safety of any
other person and the community"). A finding of risk of flight must be supported by a
preponderance of the evidence. See, e.g., United States v. Jackson, 823 F.2d 4, 5 (2d Cir. 1987);
United States v. Chimurenga, 760 F.2d 400, 405 (2d Cir. 1985). A finding of dangerousness must
be supported by clear and convincing evidence. See, e.g., United States v. Ferranti, 66 F.3d 540,
542 (2d Cir. 1995); Chimurenga, 760 F.2d at 405. In addition, a court may also order detention if
there is "a serious risk that the [defendant] will . . . attemp t to obstruct justice, or . . . to threaten,
injure, or intimidate, a prospective witness or jur