 he
masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. GBB tated "Jeff would try to get away
with more and more on each massage". ee Epstein would try to touch her more and on one occasion
he attempted to use a massager/vibrator on her. Robson drove iw the house for the original massage. eas
left Sarah her cell phone number and every time Epstein would come into town, Sarah would call her for an
appointment to "work". Each time she went, Sarah would meet her at the kitchen door area. She would bring
her upstairs and prepare the massage table. QB ised Epstein would ask her questions about herself. Epstein
knew she was a soccer player and would be attending Lynn University. I asked QT Epstein knew her real
age. GR ed Epstein did and didn't care. The most recent massage she provided was on October 1, 2005.
During the massage, she asked Epstein if she could borrow one of his vehicles to visit her family and boyfriend in
Orlando, Florida. Epstein had told her she could borrow one of his vehicles but later stated he would rent her a
car. She continued with the massage as Epstein grabbed her buttocks and caressed the buttocks cheeks. I
aske she was wearing undergarments to which she replied her thong underwear. Once he tried to touch
her breasts, she would pull away from him and he would stop. as asked if he ever used a vibrator on her.

Ges aware of the vibrator but advised she never would allow him to use the vibrator on her. She described
the vibrator as the large white vibrator with a huge head on the tip of the vibrator. She stated he kept the vibrator
in a closet near the massage table.

QP ated that on October 3, 2005, she was contacted by Epstein's assistant, Sarah, who informed her
that Jeff Epstein had rented her a new Nissan Sentra and she should come by the house to pick it up. Sarah
informed§iiRhe would have the car for a month. Qijjpated Epstein knew her car was not working properly
and that she had missed appointments in the past because of her car being inoperable. i xplained the car is
currently parked next to the Lynn University Gym field. I asked her if she ever took any one to the house.
explained she took Qi) a friend of hers who attended Royal Palm Beach High School, who has
relocated to Orlando to attend college. I asked if she ever allowed another female in the room. GB vised no
one was brought into the room with her.

At the conclusion of the interview, Det Dawson and I went to the gym area of Lynn University and
located the Silver Nissan Sentra bearing Florida tag X98-APM . The vehicle is registered to Dollar Rent a Car
out of the Palm Beach International Airport. The vehicle was rented by Janusz Banasiack, later learned to be
Epstein's houseman, and paid with Epstein's credit card.

On September 11, 2005, w/f AH, dob 12/30/1986, was arrested by the Palm Beach Police Department

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEZ.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page Cof 22

--- Page 11 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

for misdemeanor possession of marijuana. During the arrest AH told the arresting officer that she had information
about sexual activity taking place at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein. Additionally, during the ongoing trash pulls
from