 work. She arrived at the house and was led upstairs by Sarah. She started
providing the massage when Epstein asked her to remove her clothing. moved her pants, shirt and
bra. She stayed in her thong panties and continued rubbing Epstein. Epstein turned over onto his back and she
rubbed his chest area. oe... she knew he was masturbating himself as she providing the massage.
ed she believed he climaxed based on his breathing. She did not want to view either the climax or
the fact that he was masturbating. 'SR ac once the breathing relaxed he got up and told her to get
dressed. She was paid $300.00 for her services. QEEMBPeted on the last time she went to provide a
massage, she was notified by Sarah Kellen to come to the house and "work", GP iated she was now
dating her current boyfriend and did not feel comfortable going. She recalled it was approximately January 2005.
She said she went, already thinking that this would be the last time. She went upstairs and went into the master
bathroom. She met with Epstein, who was wearing only a towel, and laid onto the table. GBB ates
Epstein caught her looking at the clock on several occasions. Epstein asked her if she was in a hurry.
stated her boyfriend was in the car waiting for her. GB her stated that Epstein got upset as he wasn'
enjoying the massage. She told him that she didn't want to continue and she would not be back. Epstein told her
to leave as she was ruining his massage. QP vised she had no formal training in providing any massages.
GRAB tated although she had a falling out with Epstein, she still received a Christmas bonus from Epstein.
GB ted she was wired money from Western Union for her Christmas bonus. Subpoena results from
Western Union revealed money was sent from Jeffrey Epstein on December 23, 2004. GRP cceived
$200.00 from Epstein for her Christmas bonus.

On November 15, 2005, Det. Sandman and I met with MD, dob Qggggg9 During a sworn taped

statement, MD stated she met Jeffrey Epstein over a year ago. She was sixteen years of age and was
approached by fellow Royal Palm Beach High School student, who informed her that she could

make $200.00 providing a massage to Epstein. informed her that she would have to provide this

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police'Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page "ot 22

--- Page 17 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

massage ples CE cc the arrangements with Epstein and his assistants and took MD to the house. MD

stated she entered through a glass door that led into a kitchen. She was taken upstairs by' H toa
master bedroom. She recalled the master bathroom had a large pink couch, sauna and matching shower.
Epstein entered into the room wearing only a towel. MD and GB noved their clothing remaining only in
thong underwear. She further stated that Epstein laid on his chest on the table. The oils were selected on which
ones to use. Both MD provided the massage on his legs, back and feet. Forty minutes into the
massage, Epstein turned over onto his back and requested CS: downstairs in the kitchen area for MD.
Epstein instructed MD to finish the massage. As (Ht dressed, MD starting rubbing Epstein's chest. CBee
left the room, and Epstein began masturbating as MD rubbed Epstein's chest. MD stated Epstein