 I sensed hesitancy
in her answers, I asked ea she had been contacted by anyone from Epstein's organizations or his house.
CE ted she was interviewed already by a private investigator for Epstein. He identified himself as "Paul"
and inguired about the police investigation, and left his telephone number 305-710-5165 for additional contact.
SD ies no additional information, as it appeared her responses were almost scripted.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Pagd ot 22

--- Page 13 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

On November 6, 2005, at approximately 3:30 pm, I met with Angela Thomas, dob 08/24/1985, at the
Palm Beach Police Department. Thomas was identified as a potential witness/victim through information
obtained during the trash pulls. During the sworn taped statement, Thomas advised she was at J effrey Epstein's
house one time, approximately two months ago. She was approached by a girl, was dating
Thomas' roommate, for an opportunity to make some quick money. Thomas a make some
quick cash to make the rent that month. She agreed to go to the house. She had been told by pies Se that
the massage would have to be done in her underwear. She advised @iiirove with her and brought her into the
house. They walked into the kitchen area, and took the stairs upstairs. Thomas further stated she was brought
into a master bedroom area. She advised she recalled seeing portraits of naked women throughout the room. A
massage table was already out near the sauna/shower area in the master bedroom. Epstein entered the room
wearing only a towel and introduced himself as "Jeff." At Epstein's direction, Thomas and moved their
clothing down to their panties, Epstein laid on his stomach area and they provided a massage on his legs and feet
area. I asked Thomas if she had any formal massage training and she replied "no." Thomas advised she was
topless and the panties she wore were the boy shorts lace panties. She and ontinued the massage until the
last ten minutes of the massage, Epstein, told leave the room so that Thomas could finish the massage.

ot dressed, and left the room as Epstein turned over onto his back. Epstein then removed the towel and
laid naked . Epstein requested that Thomas rub his chest area. Thomas stated as she did this, Epstein, began
masturbating. Thomas stated Epstein pulled down her boy short panties, and he produced a large white vibrator
with a large head. She stated it was within his reach in a drawer in his master bathroom. He rubbed the vibrator
on her vaginal area. Thomas advised he never penetrated her vagina with the vibrator. He continued to rub her
vagina with the vibrator as he continued to masturbate. Thomas stated she was very uncomfortable during the
incident but knew it was almost over. Epstein climaxed and started to remove himself from the table. He wiped
himself with the towel he had on previously and went into the shower area. Thomas got dressed and met with

apn the kitchen area. Epstein came into the kitchen and provided (iii.00.00 for bringing Thomas and

paid $200.00 to Thomas for providing the massage. Thomas was told to leave her telephone number with Sarah
for future contact. Thomas provided her cellular telephone number. Thomas was asked if she was recently
contacted about this investigation by anyone from the Epstein organization. She replied she was called but it was
for work. She stated she was