 chef and Epstein's assistant Sarah. SG was introduced to Epstein while they were in the kitchen area.
Sarah led SG upstairs and Epstein went upstairs. When the massage was over SG returned to the kitchen area.
Robson stated she was paid $200.00 for bringing SG to Epstein's house. Robson stated SG told her she was
paid $300.00 for the massage.

Robson stated that SG was the last person she brought to Epstein's house. She had changed her cellular
number to avoid being contacted by Sarah. She continued stating that she had no direct contact with Epstein

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1' day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ &

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page' of 22

--- Page 5 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

when he was going to travel to Palm Beach. Robson said when Epstein announces to his assistant, Sarah, that
he is traveling to Palm Beach, Sarah would then contact Robson to arrange girls to "work" for Epstein. Robson
stated that once her parents discovered that she was visiting Epstein, they disapproved of the encounters with him
and she stopped. Robson further stated that Sarah still tries to call Robson's house and leaves messages.

Sgt Frick entered the room and explained to Robson that based on her own statements, she had
implicated herself by bringing underage girls to Epstein's house. Robson provided cellular telephone numbers for
the girls she had mentioned previously. Additionally, she also provided possible addresses and areas in which
they lived.

As Robson was being taken home in the vehicle, a tape recorder was placed within the vehicle to record
any conversations within the vehicle. During the drive back to her home, Robson made the comment "I'm like
a Heidi Fleiss." (Hollywood Madam who sent girls to clients for sexual favors in California). Robson was
dropped off at her house without incident.

On October 3, 2005, Sgt Frick and I went to speak with JS, a sixteen year-old female who was
brought to Epstein's residence by Haley Robson. We met with JS's mother at their front door. We explained
the ongoing investigation and asked to speak with JS as we had information that she had "worked" for Jeff.
Mrs. § introduced us to her husband and allowed us entry into the home. We sat in the dining room and met
with JS, Date of Birth a As she was under the age of eighteen, Mrs S was advised we would be
speaking with her. She expressed if her daughter had information, she wanted to assist. We interviewed JS, who
denied having any inappropriate encounters with Jeff (Epstein). She stated she had gone to Jeff's house with
Haley Robson approximately eight months ago and sat in the kitchen with the house chef, but nothing happened.
As the parents were present during the interview, we felt that JS was withholding information from us. She made
several comments as to putting the entire incident behind her. I left my telephone number and advised should she
wish to speak with me again to telephone me. Sgt Frick and I thanked Mrs. S for her time and left the area. She
stated she would ask JS again after we left as to what happened at Epstein's house. I informed her that JS had
my telephone number and hopefully she would call.

On October 4, 2005, Det Dawson and J drove to the ome and met wit nd

SR (0b GERD uring a sworn taped ile, liane approximately a year ago
when she was