 have to wash off a massager/vibrator and a long rubber penis, which were in the sink after the massage.
Additionally, he stated the bed would almost always have to be made after the massage.

On January 4, 2006 I interviewed another former houseman, Mr Alfredo Rodriguez. During a swom
taped statement, Mr. Rodriguez stated he was employed by Jeffrey Epstein for approximately six months, from
November 2004 through May of 2005. His responsibilities as house manager included being the butler,
chauffeur, chef, houseman, run errands for Epstein and provide for Epstein's guests. I asked Rodriguez about
masseuses coming to the house. Rodriguez stated Epstein would have two massages a day. Epstein would have
one massage in the morning and one massage in the aftemoon everyday he was in residence. Rodriguez stated
he would be informed to expect someone and make them comfortable until either Sarah Kellen or Epstein would
meet with them. Rodriguez stated once the masseuses would arrive, he would allow them entry into the kitchen
area and offer them something to drink or eat. They would then be encountered by either Sarah Kellen or
Epstein. They would be taken upstairs to provide the massage. I asked Rodriguez if any of the masseuses
appeared young in age. Rodriguez stated the girls that would come appeared to be too young to be masseuses.
He stated one time under Epstein's direction, he delivered a dozen Toses to Royal Palm Beach High School for
one of the girls that came to provide a massage. He knew the girls were still in high school and were of high
school age. I asked Rodriguez about the massages. He felt there was a lot more going on than just massages.

He would often clean Mr. Epstein's bedroom after the alleged massages and would discover massagers/vibrators
and sex toys scattered on the floor. He also said he would wipe down the vibrators and sex toys and put them
away in an armoire. He described the armoire as a small wood armoire which was on the wall close to Epstein's

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Pai Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Pagé 'of 22.

--- Page 22 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

bed. On one occasion Epstein ordered Rodriguez to go to the Dollar rent a car and rent a car for the same girl
he brought the roses to, so that she could drive her self to Epstein's house without incident. Rodriguez said the
girl always needed rides to and from the house.

Rodriguez produced a green folder which contained documents, and a note with Mr. Epstein's stationary
with direction to deliver a bucket of roses to Royal Palm Beach High School after AH high school drama
performance. Also in that same note was direction to rent a car for AH and direction to extend the rental
contract.

During the course of the investigation, subpoenas were obtained for cell phone and home phone records
from several victims and witnesses along with the cell phone records of Sarah Kellen. An analysis of these
records was conducted which found numerous telephone calls were made between Sarah Kellen and the victims.
These records indicate the dates the calls were made are consistent with the dates and times they
victims/witnesses stated they were contacted. Specifically, The phone records showed Kellen called Haley
Robson during the exact times and dates when victim SG advised the incident occurred. Kellen also coordinated

the encounters with AH, AD, are Gees and QW during the time frame the girls

stated they occurred.

Pursuant to a lawful subpoena I obtained Epstein