 laid on his chest on the table. The oils were selected on which
ones to use. Both MD provided the massage on his legs, back and feet. Forty minutes into the
massage, Epstein turned over onto his back and requested CS: downstairs in the kitchen area for MD.
Epstein instructed MD to finish the massage. As (Ht dressed, MD starting rubbing Epstein's chest. CBee
left the room, and Epstein began masturbating as MD rubbed Epstein's chest. MD stated Epstein continued
masturbating until he climaxed on the towel he was wearing. When asked if he had removed the towel she stated
he turned the towel around so that the opening would allow him to expose himself. Afier he cleaned himself off
with the towel he instructed MD the massage was done and to get dressed and meet with him downstairs. MD
got dressed and met with Epstein in the kitchen area. She was paid $200.00 dollars for providing the massage.
MD stated she was aware that re. received monies for the same thing. The second time she went to the
house she was again approached bya. WD advised if she wanted to return to the house to provide another
massage. MD agreed and the arrangements were made by her to return to the house. MD state

drove her to the house and knocked on the same glass door which leads to the kitchen area. They were allowed
entry into the house by one of the staff members. @BMBKd her upstairs to the master bedroom and master
bathroom area. amt MD this time to do the massage alone. Epstein entered the room again wearing only a
towel. MD began removing her clothing as she did the last time she was at the house. Epstein instructed her to
get naked. He laid on the table onto his stomach as MD began massaging his legs and back. As MD finished
with Epstein's back and legs, Epstein then turned over onto his back. MD started to rub his chest and he began
masturbating. As MD rubbed his chest, Epstein leaned over and produced a massager/vibrator. He turned it on
and began rubbing MD's vagina and masturbating himself at the same time. MD stated she continued to rub his
chest as this was occurring. She described the vibrator/massager as large grey with a large head. Epstein
rubbed her vagina for approximately two to three minutes with the massager/vibrator. He then removed the
vibrator from her vaginal area and concentrated on masturbating himself. MD stated Epstein climaxed onto the
towel again and informed her that the massage was done. MD got dressed and met with@i who was waiting
in the kitchen area. She received $200.00 for the massage. MD said she never returned to the house and had no
desire to return to the house. MD was asked if she received any formal massage training. She advised she had
no formal training. MD was asked if Epstein knew her real age. MD stated he knew, as he asked her questions
about herself and high school. He was aware she attended, and is still attending Royal Palm Beach High School.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

x [\
LZ fog wi
Signature of Policé Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page 'of 22

--- Page 18 --Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

During the course of the investigation a search warrant was executed at Jeffrey Epstein's home located at
358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach. While in the home I observed the pink and green couch within the master
bedroom area just as the