 never returned to provide a massage for
Epstein.

At approximately 2:10 pm, Det Dawson and I met with YL, lob (ge, her residence. As YL
was only seventeen years of age, I had notified her mother, that she would be interviewed reference an ongoing
investigation in Palm Beach. I assured her that her daughter was not a suspect. I explained the possibility of her
being either a witness or victim. Mrs L advised she wanted YL to cooperate and consented to the interview.

During a sworn taped statement, Y L stated the following: at the age of sixteen, during the month of
September 2004, she was approached by Haley Robson for a chance to make money. YL was friends with
associates of Robson and knew the same people. YL had been previously told by her friends from Royal Palm
Beach High School, what Robson did for Epstein. Robson called a person known to YL as Sarah and
scheduled the appointment. Robson picked YL up and drove her to Palm Beach to a street called "Brillo Way".
They drove to the end of the street and entered a large driveway. They entered the kitchen area of the house and
met with Epstein. YL was introduced to Jeff Epstein. Robson led YL upstairs to the main bedroom area and
set up the room with a massage table and set out the oils. YL stated that while going up the stairs and into the
bedroom she observed numerous photographs of naked young girls. Robson dimmed the lights and turned on
soft music. Robson exited the room and Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein picked oils and
instructed her to rub his legs, under his buttocks, back and chest area. Epstein asked her to get comfortable. YL
advised she did not remove her clothes. She was wearing tight jeans and a cropped tank top exposing her belly
area. During the massage, Epstein removed his towel and laid on the massage table naked. As YL rubbed
Epstein's chest area, he attempted to reach down her pants to touch her buttocks area however was unable to
due so due to the tightness of the jeans and a tight belt. YL advised Epstein began to masturbate as she rubbed
his chest. Epstein moaned as she rubbed his chest. She observed he was continuing to masturbate and

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LE fe

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 0

g Officer

Page of 22

--- Page 9 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

attempted to reach up her tank top and touch her breasts. YL, pulled back and Epstein stopped, however he
kept masturbating until he climaxed. He cleaned himself with the towel he was previously wearing. YL was
paid $200.00 for the massage and left the area. She met with Robson who was waiting in the kitchen area and
left the house.

YL then explained she never provided another massage for Epstein. She did however, go to the house

with Robson and Sars: they took another friend of Robson's. YL advised she was present when
ent to work for Epstein. She advised she rode over and sat in the kitchen area with Robson to

wait fo YL advised while they waited for' the house chef prepared lunch for them as it was
almost lunchtime when they went. When s finished with the massage they left the area. I asked YL if
Robson ever told her what would be expected when she provided