 got dressed and met with

apn the kitchen area. Epstein came into the kitchen and provided (iii.00.00 for bringing Thomas and

paid $200.00 to Thomas for providing the massage. Thomas was told to leave her telephone number with Sarah
for future contact. Thomas provided her cellular telephone number. Thomas was asked if she was recently
contacted about this investigation by anyone from the Epstein organization. She replied she was called but it was
for work. She stated she was called by Sarah for her to return to "work" for Epstein. Thomas stated "work" is
the term used by Sarah to provide the massages and other things. Thomas advised she declined as she was not
comfortable in providing that type of "work."

On November 7, 2005, Det Sandman and I met vi as dob mee During a

sworn taped statement, Gated she met Jeffrey Epstein through Haley Robson when they were still

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach

Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me. Sis 4,
ge ZZ a)

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05

Pagd Sof 22

--- Page 14 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

attending Royal Palm Beach High School. Robson would approach females who wished to work for Epstein.
qua... she was offered to work for Epstein but declined. GOBER: plains that "work" means give
massages. She was asked about any formal training in providing massages which she said "0." SEB sai
she accompanied Robson and other females who were taken to Epstein's house to provide massages. ese Po
further stated she had been to the house approximately 4 or 5 times in the past year. She accompanied Robson
with . as, SG, and . Each time the girls were taken
over, they were previously told they would have to provide a massage, possibly naked. They were also told that
should Epstein require them to do anything extra, and they were not comfortable just to tell him and he would
stop. QE tated Robson received $200.00 for each girl she brought over to massage Jeffrey Epstein.
When I asked which girl appeared to be the youngest, she replied, SG, who was really young, fifteen years old at
the most. QE ther stated each time she went to the house, she sat in the kitchen and waited with Robson
until the massage was over. She further stated that the cook would make lunch or a snack for them as they
waited. ] asked her if there was anything that caught her attention within the home. stated there were a
lot of naked girls in photographs throughout the house.

On November 8, 2005, at approximately 2:00pm , I met vit a dob Sa a: the
Palm Beach Police Department. During a sworn taped statement, ME stated she had met Epstein
approximately two years ago when she was first approached by Haley Robson, a classmate at Royal Palm Beach
High School. Robson approached her about working for Epstein and providing a massage to him for $200.00.
Robson had made the arrangements however was unable to take her the day the arrangements were made.
Robson had ;- 4 take QV QB so attended Royal Palm Beach High School and was familiar
with Epstein. called she was brought there and entered through the back kitchen door. She had met
with an assistant Sarah and another assistant Adrianna. Sarah brought her upstairs as she observed several
photographs of naked females throu the house. ated Epstein came in the room, wearing only a
towel, and laid