00 by
Epstein for bringing Pe ee she had gone a total of 15 times to Epstein's residence to provide a
massage and things had escalated from just providing a massage. Epstein began touching her on her buttocks and
grabbed her closer to him as he masturbated. Epstein also grabbed her breasts and fondled her breasts with his
hands as she provided the massage. WB stated on one occasion, while she was only seventeen years of age, he
offered extra monies to have vaginal intercourse. She stated this all occurred on the massage table. WB tatea
Epstein penetrated her vagina with his penis and began having intercourse with her until he reached the point of
climax. Epstein removed his penis from her vagina and climaxed onto the massage table. GRecceived
$350.00 for her massage. ] asked her if she had any formal training in providing massages, i stated she did
not. WR ontinued to state on one other occasion, Epstein introduced his girlfriend, Nadia, into the massage.
Nadia was brought into room with Sag provide a massage. Epstein had them kiss and fondle each other
around the breasts and buttocks as they provided a massage to Epstein. Epstein, watched and masturbated as
this occurred. On other occasions, Epstein, introduced the large white vibrator/massager in the massage. Epstein
stroked the vibrator/massager on {i vagina as she provided the massage.

On November 14, 2005, Det Sandman and I met i) aay dob Cay During a
sworn taped statement she advised she started going to the house approximately one year ago and has been there
approximately five or six times stated she was sixteen years old when she first went to Epstein's
house. On her first visit she was brought by a fellow student from Royal Palm Beach High School known to her

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ oe

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page" of 22

--- Page 16 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

si [ SD brought her into the house and she was introduced to Sarah. Sarah then
brought her upstairs into a master bathroom, located within the bedroom. Gp ated she met Epstein in the
bathroom. He laid on the table and picked the massage oils. She provided the massage as he laid naked on the
massage bed. She stated she rubbed his calves and back area. Upon the end of the massage, Epstein removed
himself from the massage table and paid her $300.00 for the massage. Ew i each subsequent time she
went to the house, she was notified by Sarah Kellen that Epstein was in town and would like her to "work".
QB 2ted she returned to the house and was again led upstairs by Sarah. She provided the massage,
clothed. s asked if she ever removed her clothing to provide a massage. QBPiated it was not
until the third time that she went that she removed her clothing. Sap. she was notified by Sarah that
Epstein wanted her to come to work. She arrived at the house and was led upstairs by Sarah. She started
providing the massage when Epstein asked her to remove her clothing. moved her pants, shirt and
bra. She stayed in her thong panties and continued rubbing Epstein. Epstein turned over onto his back and she
rubbed his chest area. oe... she knew he was masturbating himself as she providing the massage.
ed she believed he climaxed based on his breathing. She did not want to view either the