ildos, large rubber penis' and other devices that Epstein had at his disposal.
Epstein would watch them have intercourse and masturbate himself . Occasionally, Epstein would then join in

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEE LA

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page's of 22

--- Page 12 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

during the female on female intercourse and provide oral sex to both AH and Marcinkova. This occurred during
the time AH was sixteen years of age.

AH advised this continued to escalate during two years. The routine became familiar to AH. Epstein's
assistant Sarah would telephone her every time Epstein was in the Town of Palm Beach and would place
appointments for her to visit and work for Epstein. Each time something new was introduced, additional monies
were produced and offered for AH to allow the acts to happen. AH consented to perform all these acts but was
adamant that there was an understanding with Epstein that no vaginal penetration would occur with his penis. AH
explained that Epstein's penis was deformed. AH explained that his penis was oval shaped. AH claimed when
Epstein's penis was erect, it was thick toward the bottom but was thin and small toward the head portion. AH
called Epstein's penis "egg-shaped." AH stated Epstein would photograph Marcinkova and her naked and
having sex and proudly display the photographs within the home. AH stated during one visit to Epstein's house
in which she provided a massage to Epstein, his female friend, Nada Marcinkova, was also present. AH
provided the massage in which Marcinkova and her would fondle each others breasts and kiss for Epstein to
enjoy. Towards the end of this massage, Epstein grabbed AH and turned her over onto her stomach on the
massage table and forcibly inserted his penis into her vagina. AH stated Epstein began to pump his penis in her
vagina. AH became upset over this. She said her head was being held against the table forcibly, as he continued
to pump inside her. She screamed "No!" and Epstein stopped. She told him that she did not want to have his
penis inside of her. Epstein did not ejaculate inside of her and apologized for his actions and subsequently paid
her a thousand dollars for that visit. AH stated she knows he still displays her photographs through out the house.

On October 12, 2005, Det Dawson and | met wit i: ob So stated during
a sworn taped statement, that nothing happened between her and Epstein. SR peared nervous during the
interview. I assured her that ] have spoken with other people who advised differently. Qistated on several
occasions she provided a massage to Epstein. She stated she was brought to the Epstein house in March of
2005. SR occ at Royal Palm Beach High School, approached her and asked her if she
wanted to "work". jgPhade the arrangements with Sarah, Epstein's assistant. (EB 0 has no formal
training in providing massages, stated she provided a massage, fully clothed for $200.00. As I sensed hesitancy
in her answers, I asked ea she had been contacted by anyone from Epstein's organizations or his house.
CE ted she was interviewed already by a private investigator for Epstein. He identified himself as "Paul"
and inguired about the police investigation, and left his telephone number 305-710-5165 for additional contact.
SD ies no additional information, as it appeared her responses were almost scripted.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
