

--- Page 2 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

she should say she was eighteen. It was later confirmed by the SG's father that Robson picked his daughter up
on February 6, 2005. According to SG's father, Robson drove a pick up truck.

SG described Epstein's house as a two-story pink house with a Cadillac Escalade parked in the
driveway. She recalled that Jeff's house was on a dead end street. Upon arriving at the house SG stated that
they walked up a driveway, past what appeared to be a small guard/security room. A male approaching them
asking what they wanted. Robson stated they were there to see Epstein. The male allowed them to continue
walking up to the house. SG stated the man told them that Epstein was not there but was expected back. He
allowed them to enter the house, via the kitchen. He offered them something to drink while they waited inside.
Shortly thereafter, Epstein and his assistant, described as white female with blond hair and later identified as
Sarah Kellen, entered the kitchen. Epstein introduced himself to SG. SG described Epstein as being
approximately forty-five years old, having a long face and bushy eyebrows, with graying hair.

Robson and Epstein left the kitchen leaving SG alone in the kitchen. They returned a short time later.
They all spoke briefly in the kitchen. SG was instructed to follow Kellen upstairs. SG recalled walking up a
flight of stairs, lined with photographs, to a room that had a massage table in it. Upon entering the room there
~ was a large bathroom to the right and a hot pink and green sofa in the room. There was a door on each side of
the sofa. SG recalled there being a mural of a naked woman in the room, as well as several photographs of
naked women on a shelf. Kellen told the victim that Epstein would be up in a second.

Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and told SG to take off her clothes. SG stated Epstein
was stern when he told her to take off her clothes. SG said she did not know what to do as she was the only one
there in the room so she took off her shirt leaving her bra on. Epstein had removed his towel and told the SG to
take off everything. SG stated Epstein was nude when he took his towel off, placing it on the floor as he laid
down on the table. SG stated she then removed her pants leaving her thong panties on. Epstein then instructed
her to give him a massage pointing to a specific lotion for her to use. As SG began to give Epstein the massage,
he told her to get on his back. SG stated she straddled herself on Epstein's back whereby her exposed buttocks
were touching Epstein's bare buttocks. SG said Epstein was specific in his instruction to her on how to massage
him, telling her to go clockwise or counter clockwise. Epstein then turned over and instructed SG to massage his
chest. SG was now standing on the ground and resumed massaging Epstein's chest area. SG stated Epstein held
onto the small of her back as she massaged his chest and shoulder area. Epstein then turned to his side and
started to rub his penis in an up and down motion. Epstein then pulled out a purple vibrator and began to

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Pages of 22

--- Page 3 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

gr an cae
massage SG's vaginal area. SG stated there was no penetration as