 Sgt Frick and I thanked Mrs. S for her time and left the area. She
stated she would ask JS again after we left as to what happened at Epstein's house. I informed her that JS had
my telephone number and hopefully she would call.

On October 4, 2005, Det Dawson and J drove to the ome and met wit nd

SR (0b GERD uring a sworn taped ile, liane approximately a year ago
when she was seventeen years old, she was taken to a house by Haley Robson. Geted she knows
Robson because they both attend Royal Palm Beach High School. She was told she could make money working

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEZ

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.16)

Page® of 22

--- Page 6 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

for Jeff. She was told she would have to provide a massage to Jeff. GD stated upon her arrival to the house
she was brought to the kitchen area by Robson. They met with the house chef who was already in the kitchen
area. pated Haley Robson would wait for her in the io was introduced to Sarah, Jeff's
assistant, who brought her upstairs to the master bedroom. Sarah prepared the room and massage table for a
massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel and she provided a massage. ted she kept
her clothes on during the massage. She advised sometime during the massage, Epstein grabbed her buttocks and
pulled her close to him. 2c she was uncomfortable by the incident involving Jeff. At the conclusion of
the massage, she was paid $200.00 for the massage. I asked {QNDE she has any formal training in massages to
which she replied no. I asked her if Robson received any monies for taking her to perform the massage.

stated Robson had received money for taking her there but was unsure in the amount. {Siwated she
returned to Epstein's house on another occasion with Robson and another i) GR stated
she waited in the kitchen with Robson, while GByas taken upstairs by Sarah EB tated she only did the
massage once as she was uncomfortable with the whole experience.

At the conclusion of the interview, the tape was stopped. I was informed that Sarah had attempted to
reach QM a cell phone. A voice mail message on October 4, 2005 at 10:59 am, revealed a female voice
who identified herself as Sarah who requested SB call her back reference the police questioning Sip
provided the incoming telephone number as 917-855-3363. d she inadvertently tol
about the police investigation because iad called her to tell her about how she just received a rental car
from Jeff Epstein Shad called her to tell her that she was given a rental car, a 2005 Silver Nissan Sentra,
to utilize to visit family and visit Epstein. asked her what was going on at the house that the police would
be asking questions. GBated a called Jeff and Sarah and asked what was going on
reference the ongoing police investigation. According to §§iiarah has since then been trying to contact her

to ask about the police questions. I instructed! t to contact Sarah and do not provide any more
information to WEB he would notify Jeff Epstein and Sarah what was transpiring.

On October4, 2005, I made telephone contact with JS who had left several messages for me to contact
her. During the message, she advised she was not completely truthful when we met in person but would