--- Page 1 --Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

Pelice Case#: 05-368 (3)
Defendant: Haley Robson
Race/Sex: White Female
DOB: 04-09-1986
Charges: Lewd and Lascivious Act on a child under 16 years of age 800.04(6)(2b)

From March 15, 2005, through February 2006, the Palm Beach Police Department conducted a sexual
battery investigation involving Jeffrey Epstein, Sarah Kellen and Haley Robson. Sworn taped statements were
taken from five victims and seventeen witnesses concerning massages and unlawful sexual activity that took place
at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein, 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach. Several of the victims were recruited by and
brought to the residence by Haley Robson to perform massages for Epstein, for which Robson received
monetary compensation. During the visit they would be introduced to Sarah Kellen, Epstein's assistant, who in
turn would record their telephone numbers and name. The victims would be brought to Epstein's bedroom to
provide the massage. Epstein would enter the room and order the victims to remove their clothing to provide the
massage. As the victims complied and provided the massages, Epstein would rub his fingers on their vaginas.
On occasion, Epstein would introduce a massager/vibrator and rub the victims vaginas as they provided the
massage. On three separate occasions, Epstein had intercourse and inserted his penis/fingers in the victims
vaginas. At the conclusion of the massages the victims were paid sums of money ranging from $200 - $1,000.
The facts, as reported, are as follows:

On 03/15/2005, A fourteen year old white female, hereinafter referred to as "SG," dob aa.
her family reported unlawful sexual activity which occurred at a residence within the Town of Palm Beach. SG
reported that a subject known to her as "Jeff" had touched her vaginal area with a vibrator/massager while within
his residence. "Jeff" was later identified as Jeffrey Epstein through a photo line up.

During a sworn taped interview, SG stated that Haley Robson, dob 04/09/1986, a cousin of SG's
boyfriend and classmate at Royal Palm Beach High School, worked for a wealthy man and did sexual favors for
him. She also admitted that Robson had offered her an opportunity to make money. During the beginning of
the month of February 2005, SG explained that she was first approached by Robson to go with her to Epstein's
house. SG stated that Robson along with a Hispanic female, later identified a ick her up at
her father's house on a Sunday. SG was not sure of the exact dates but knew it was a Sunday. SG told her
father that they were going shopping but in reality Robson drove them to Palm Beach. During the drive a
conversation occurred between Robson and SG whereas Robson reportedly told SG that if Jeff asked her age,

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer

Pagel of 22 See

--- Page 2 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

she should say she was eighteen. It was later confirmed by the SG's father that Robson picked his daughter up
on February 6, 2005. According to SG's father, Robson drove a pick up truck.

SG described Epstein's house as a two-story pink house with a Cadillac Escalade parked in the
driveway