 and agreed to meet with Jeffrey.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page of 22

--- Page 4 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

Molly (Unknown last name) and Tony (Unknown last name) picked Robson up and she was taken to
Epstein's house. Upon her arrival to the house she was introduced to Epstein in the kitchen of the house. She
was also introduced to a white female known to her as Sarah. She was led upstairs to the main bedroom known
to her as Jeff Epstein's bedroom. Sarah arranged the massage table and covered the table with a sheet. She
brought out the massage oils and laid them next to the massage bed. Sarah, then left the room and informed
Robson Jeff would be in, in a minute. Jeff entered the bedroom wearing only a towel. He removed the towel
and laid nude on the massage table. He laid on the table onto his stomach and picked a massage oil for Robson
to rub on him. During the massage, Robson stated "He tried to touch me and I stopped him." I asked how he
tried to touch her. Robson stated that Epstein grabbed her buttocks and she felt uncomfortable. Robson told
Epstein, I'll massage you but I don't want to be touched. Robson stated she performed the massage naked. At
the conclusion of the massage, Epstein paid Robson $200.

After the massage Epstein stated to Robson that he understood she was not comfortable, but he would
pay her if she brought over some girls. He told her the younger the better. Robson stated she once tried to bring
a 23 year old female and Epstein stated that the female was too old. Robson stated that in total she only
remembers six girls that she brought to see Epstein, each time she was paid $200. Robson stated she had
brought the following girls: SG, ae) J.S. (al6 year old female), YL (a 16 year old
female) and a. Robson said that at the time she brought these girls to Epstein's house they were all14
through 16 years of age. I asked Robson which one was the youngest. Robson advised SG was the youngest as
she was fourteen when the massage occurred. Robson stated every girl she brought knew what to expect when
they arrived. They were told they would provide a massage, possibly naked, and allow some touching. J asked
her if SG was aware. She stated every girl she brought knew what to expect. She explained she knew that SG
wanted to make money. She approached SG and explained about going to work for Jeff, SG agreed and
arrangements were made to bring her to Epstein's house on a weekend. Robson stated that she andqayy
(Later identified ED ici up SG at her house. Robson stated that at that time she was driving
ared pickup truck. They traveled to Epstein's house and entered through the kitchen door. They met with the
house chef and Epstein's assistant Sarah. SG was introduced to Epstein while they were in the kitchen area.
Sarah led SG upstairs and Epstein went upstairs. When the massage was over SG returned to the kitchen area.
Robson stated she was paid $200.00 for bringing SG to Epstein's house. Robson stated SG told her she was
paid $300.00 for the massage.

Robson stated that SG was the last person she brought to Epstein's house. She had changed her cellular
number