 however was unable to take her the day the arrangements were made.
Robson had ;- 4 take QV QB so attended Royal Palm Beach High School and was familiar
with Epstein. called she was brought there and entered through the back kitchen door. She had met
with an assistant Sarah and another assistant Adrianna. Sarah brought her upstairs as she observed several
photographs of naked females throu the house. ated Epstein came in the room, wearing only a
towel, and laid on the table. al: he picked out the oils he wanted her to use and requested she
remove her clothing to provide the massage @@@@aMRated that on the first massage she provided she did not
remove her clothing. Qed she had returned several times after that. Each time she returned it was
more than a massage. Epstein would walk into the master bedroom/bathroom area wearing only a towel. He
would masturbate as she provided a massage. GH tcc she was unsure if he climaxed as he masturbated
under the towel. Additionally, she never looked below his waist. She claimed that Epstein would convince her to
remove her clothes. She eventually removed her clothes and stayed in her thong panties. On occasion, Epstein
would use a massager/vibrator, which she described as white in color and a large head. Epstein would rub the
vibrator/massager on her vaginal area as he would masturbate. (Ped she had been to the house

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

CA Cee

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page "of 22

--- Page 15 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

numerous times. CEH iced she has no formal training in providing a massage. Qed she brought
two females during her visits to provide massages. GER aca she brought a girl named ae:
Gon Royal Palm Beach High School. ye she received $200.00 for each girl she brought.

On November 8, 2005, I met with W/E QB: the Palm Beach Police
Department. During a sworn taped statement, ted she had met Jeffrey Epstein approximately one year
ago. She was approached by a subject known to her as AH. AH had asked her if she wanted to make money
providing massages to Epstein. Ga. heard that several girls from Royal Palm Beach High School were
doing this and making money. She agreed and was taken to the house by AH. AH had introduced her to Sarah
and Epstein and brought her upstairs to a master bedroom where a massage table was prepared and the proper
oils were selected. AH left the room and waited downstairs for her. ated Epstein entered the room
wearing a towel and laid on his stomach. She provided a massage wearing only her thong panties.
advised Epstein had masturbated every time she provided a massage. She stated Epstein continued to
masturbate until he climaxed. Once that occurred the massage was over. She felt the whole situation was weird
but she advised she was paid $200.00 for providing the massage. She also stated AH was paid $200.00 by
Epstein for bringing Pe ee she had gone a total of 15 times to Epstein's residence to provide a
massage and things had escalated from just providing a massage. Epstein began touching her on her buttocks and
grabbed her closer to him as he masturbated. Epstein also grabbed her breasts and fondled her breasts with his
hands as she provided the massage. WB stated on one occasion, while she was only seventeen years of age, he
offered extra monies