 vibrator and began to

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1* day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Pages of 22

--- Page 3 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

gr an cae
massage SG's vaginal area. SG stated there was no penetration as the vibrator was on top of her underwear.
SG recalled Epstein ejaculating because he had to use the towel to wipe himself as he got off the table. Epstein
then left the room and SG got dressed. She went back downstairs where she met with Robson. SG said she
was paid three hundred dollars in cash from Epstein. Before she left, Epstein asked SG to leave her phone
number. As SG, Robson and{jiiimwere leaving the house, Robson told SG she received two hundred
dollars that day for bringing her.

During the course of the investigation, parental consent was granted for SG to assist with the
investigation. At our direction SG conducted controlled taped phone calls to Robson's cellular telephone 561308-0282. SG spoke with Robson in an attempt to arrange another meeting with Epstein. SG asked Robson,
what did she need to do to make more money. Robson stated, "the more you do, the more you get paid."
Robson had subsequently called back SG and left a voice mail message for her indicating that she had set up an
appointment for SG to go to Epstein's house at 11:00 am on April 5, 2005. This message was recorded from
SG's voice mail.

Based on the above, trash pulls were established at Epstein's residence with Supervisor Tony Higgins of
the Sanitation Bureau of the Town of Palm Beach. The trash pull from April 5, 2005 revealed a telephone
message for Epstein which stated Haley and SG's name at 11:00 am. This was the time frame Robson had
informed SG to be ready to go work at Epstein's house.

On October 3, 2005, Sgt Frick and I went to Robson's residence and viewed her vehicle parked in the
driveway, a red Dodge Neon. Sgt. Frick and I knocked on the door and met with Haley Robson. Robson was
told that we were investigating a claim involving Jeffrey Epstein of El Brillo Way, in Palm Beach. Robson was
asked if she would accompany us back to the police station for further questioning. She was also told that at the
conclusion of the interview she would be returned home. Robson voluntarily came with us back to the Palm
Beach Police Department.

Upon our arrival at the police station, Robson was brought to the interview room in the Detective Bureau
where | obtained a taped, sworn statement. I began the interview by asking Robson how she became
acquainted with Epstein. Robson stated that approximately two years ago, just after she turned 17 years of age,
she was approached by a friend named Molly at the Canopy Beach Resort in Rivera Beach. Robson was asked
if she wanted to make money. She was told she would have to provide a massage and should make $200.00.
Robson thought about the offer and agreed to meet with Jeffrey.

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page of 22

--- Page 4 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 