.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page 'of 22

--- Page 18 --Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

During the course of the investigation a search warrant was executed at Jeffrey Epstein's home located at
358 El Brillo Way in Palm Beach. While in the home I observed the pink and green couch within the master
bedroom area just as the girls previously mentioned. The stairway, which is located from the kitchen area to the
master bedroom area, is lined with photos of naked young girls. Additionally, numerous photographs of naked
young females, some of which appeared to be the girls I previously interviewed, were on display throughout the
house. Also located in the house were various phone message books. The telephone message books have a
duplicate copy (Carbon Copy) which, once a phone message is written into the book, the top copy is then torn
on the perforated edge and the carbon copy is left in the book. First names of girls, dates and telephone numbers
were on the copy of the messages. I recognized various numbers and names of girls that had already been
interviewed. The body of the messages were time of the day that they called for confirmation of "work." Other
names and telephone numbers were located in which the body of the messages were, "I have girls for him" or "T
have 2 girls for him." These messages were taken by Sarah Kellen, who signed the bottom of the messages.
During the execution of the warrant, I located a Royal Palm Beach High School transcript for AH in Epstein's
bedroom desk. This desk had stationary marked Jeffrey E Epstein. I located a wood colored armoire beside
Epstein's bed that contained a bottle of "Joy Jelly," which is used to provide a warm massage. Several massage
tables were located throughout the second floor of the residence, including a massage table found in Epstein's
bedroom. On the first floor of the residence I found two covert cameras hidden within clocks. One was located
in the garage and the other located in the library area on a shelf behind Epstein's desk. A computer was located
which was believed to contain the images from the covert cameras. The computer's hard drive was reviewed
which showed several images of Haley Robson and other witnesses that have been interviewed. All of these
images appeared to come from the camera positioned behind Epstein's desk.

On December 13, 2005, Det. Dawson and I met with ML, dob (IMM. During a sworn taped |

statement, ML stated that when she was sixteen years old she was taken to Epstein's house to provide a massage

for money. ML stated it was before Christmas last year (2004) when an associate, YL, approached her and

asked if she needed to make money for Christmas. YL made arrangements to take ML to the house and drove

ML to the house to "work." They were encountered by a white female with long blond hair. ML was unable to

remember the name of the white female with blond hair but knew she was Epstein's assistant. She was led

upstairs by the white female who explained that there would be lotions out already and Epstein would choose the

lotion he wanted her to use. She was led through a spiral staircase which led to a master bedroom and

bathroom. The massage table was already set up in the bathroom. ML described the bathroom as a large

spacious bathroom with a steam room and shower beside it. ML was introduced to Epstein who was on the

phone when she entered the room. Epstein was wearing a white towel and laid on his stomach so that ML may

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by