.00 dollars for her on the dresser within the master bathroom.
Epstein also told her that there was an additional $100.00 that was to be given to YL for bringing her there to
massage him. Epstein told her to leave her telephone number with his assistant as he wanted to see her again.
Epstein stated his assistant would contact her to work again soon. I asked her if she ever received any formal
massage training to which ML stated she did not. ML stated it was the only time she ever went to work for Jeff
and knew what happened to her was wrong. She further stated that she had never been contacted for any
additional work.

On January 9, 2006, I located and interviewed another victim, CL, dob QB CL was identified

as a potential victim/witness from information obtained during trash pulls from Epstein's residence. CL stated she

met Epstein when she was fifteen years of age. She was approached by a friend from Royal Palm Beach High
Schoo!, (is to be taken to Jeffrey Epstein's house to work. She was originally told she would be able

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page "of 22

--- Page 20 --Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

to model lingerie for a wealthy Palm Beacher. CL was taken to Epstein's house located on EI BrilloWay. Gey
introduced CL to Jeffrey Epstein. Epstein had his personal chef prepare dinner for CL and {MB At the
conclusion of dinner, (gd Epstein brought CL upstairs into a master bedroom area. CL observed a large
massage table with a sheet on it. Epstein entered through a door and exited wearing only a towel.

informed CL that they were going to provide a massage on Epstein. CL asked why were they doing this instead
of modeling lingerie. GRD plained to CL that this was his routine and to rub his calves and feet. Epstein had
told CL to get comfortable. CL removed her pants and blouse. CL stated she stayed only in panties as she did
not wear a bra that evening. CL stated while rubbing his calves and feet, Epstein turned over onto his back.
Epstein told CL to rub his chest and rub his nipples. CL stated that as she started rubbing his chest, Epstein
began masturbating himself. Epstein touched her breasts and stroked her vagina with his fingers. Epstein
continued to masturbate himself as he stroked her vagina. Epstein ejaculated on his towel and paid CL $200.00
for the massage. Epstein told CL that if she told anyone what happened at his house that bad things could
happen. CL and Ca: brought home by Epstein's houseman and CL was afraid that Epstein knew where
she lived. CL stated that several days later she received a telephone call from Sarah Kellen who coordinated for
CL to return to "work." CL returned to the house and was brought to Epstein's bedroom area by Sarah who
prepared the room for the massage. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein had CL remove her
clothing and provide the massage naked. CL began rubbing his feet and calves and Epstein turned over onto his
back. Epstein rubbed her vagina with his fingers. Epstein began to masturbate himself with an upwards and
downward motion on his penis. Epstein continued to touch her vagina with one hand and masturbate with the
other hand. Once Epstein ejaculated onto the towel he was wearing, the massage was over. CL was paid
$200.00 for the massage. Epstein again told CL not to speak of what happened at his