y, who is personally known to me.

LEZ.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page Cof 22

--- Page 11 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

for misdemeanor possession of marijuana. During the arrest AH told the arresting officer that she had information
about sexual activity taking place at the residence of Jeffrey Epstein. Additionally, during the ongoing trash pulls
from Epstein's residence, discarded papers were found which contained AH's name and cell phone number.

On October, 11, 2005, Det Dawson and I met with AH and obtained a sworn taped statement. AH
explained she had been going to Epstein's house since 2002, when she was sixteen years of age. Since then she
has gone to the house hundreds of times. AH stated she became his "number one girl." She explained that on
her first visit she was brought to the house by fellow Royal Palm Beach High School classmate,

AH said she was brought through the kitchen area where she met Sarah Kellen. for the first time. AH was led to
the master bedroom, Epstein s room. AH explained that as she was walking up the stairs she observed several
photographs of naked women along the walls and tables of the house. ther explained that she was
brought into the bedroom, where Sarah prepared the room by setting up the massage table and provided the oils
for her to rub on Epstein. AH explained she remembered the steam room area, which contained two large
showers. Epstein entered the room from the steam room area and introduced himself. Epstein lay on the table
and told her to get comfortable. AH removed her skirt and kept her shirt on. Epstein then instructed her to
remove her shirt. AH removed her shirt and remembered she was not wearing a bra. AH stated she provided
the massage wearing only her panties. She continued rubbing his legs, thighs and feet. AH advised he turned
over onto his back. Epstein touched her breasts and began to masturbate. Epstein ejaculated which meant the
massage was over. At the conclusion of the massage, AH was paid $200.00. They walked together downstairs
where Sarah Kellen and QS were waiting. AH stated {(iiiiireceived an unknown amount of
money for taking her to Epstein. Epstein instructed to leave her cellular telephone number so that he could
contact her when he is in town.

AH stated that during her many visits a routine was established between her and Epstein. She would enter
the house and get naked in the bedroom. She would then start with a back massage. Epstein would roll on to his
back and allow her to massage his chest area. AH stated Epstein would then began to masturbate himself and at
the same time would insert his fingers in her vagina and masturbate her with his fingers. AH explained Epstein
would continue this process until he ejaculated. He would then utilize a vibrator/massager on her vagina until AH
climaxed. AH advised that during her frequent visits, Epstein asked for her real age, AH stated she was sixteen.
Epstein advised her not to tell anyone her real age. AH advised that things escalated within the home as Epstein
would instruct and pay AH to have intercourse with his female friend, Nada Marcinkova. AH explained the
intercourse included using strap on dildos, large rubber penis' and other devices that Epstein had at his disposal.
Epstein would watch them have intercourse and masturbate himself . Occasionally, Epstein would then join in

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LEE LA

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page's