 and Sars: they took another friend of Robson's. YL advised she was present when
ent to work for Epstein. She advised she rode over and sat in the kitchen area with Robson to

wait fo YL advised while they waited for' the house chef prepared lunch for them as it was
almost lunchtime when they went. When s finished with the massage they left the area. I asked YL if
Robson ever told her what would be expected when she provided a massage. YL stated yes, Robson told her
that a massage would be expected, possibly naked and possibly some touching involved. YL has no formal
training in providing massages. YL spoke about a third and last time she went to Epstein's house. Robson
drove another girl, ML, (sixteen years of age) who is YL's friend, to Epstein's house. YL stated ML knew that
YL had made money massaging Epstein and wanted to make money herself. Robson took them in the kitchen
area of the house and introduced ML to Sarah. Robson and Sarah took ML upstairs to the main bedroom. YL
advised she doesn't know what happened as ML did not speak about what happened in the room. YL received
$100.00 from Robson for going with her to Epstein's house and recommending ML.

On October 6, 2005, at 11:45 am, I met with Qa Piob Canam. Lynn University and
explained to her why we there to interview her. She advised she was aware of the ongoing investigation.
stated she had previouslv_ spoken with C2. told her she was interviewed by detectives. During a
sworn taped statement Mc she knew that Haley Robson worked for Jeff Epstein in Palm Beach. Gey
advised she originally had been taken to the Epstein house by Haley Robson, whom she met when they both
attended Royal Palm Beach High School. She began going to the house when she was sixteen years of age and
stated she had been there a lot of times to provide massages over the past two years. I asked her if she had
formal training in providing massages, whic ted she had not. SERB ised she was told what was
expected of her by providing massages and she would have to remove clothing but if she felt uncomfortable just
to say so and Epstein would stop pushing the issue. GB can providing massages and advised she kept her
clothes on. She considered Epstein a pervert and he kept pushing to go further and further. GED xplained she
would keep telling him she had a boyfriend and would not be right to her boyfriend. It wasn't until recently that

an removing her clothes and staying in her thong underwear to provide a massage. xplained
The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach

Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Paget of 22

--- Page 10 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

a ne
Epstein wanted to be rubbed on his back and recently he began turning over and have her rub his chest as he
masturbated. He would try to touch her breasts as she rubbed his chest. GBB tated "Jeff would try to get away
with more and more on each massage". ee Epstein would try to touch her more and on one occasion
he attempted to use a massager/vibrator on her. Robson drove iw the house for the original massage. eas
left Sarah her cell phone number and every time Epstein would come into town, Sarah would call her for an
appointment