reference the ongoing police investigation. According to §§iiarah has since then been trying to contact her

to ask about the police questions. I instructed! t to contact Sarah and do not provide any more
information to WEB he would notify Jeff Epstein and Sarah what was transpiring.

On October4, 2005, I made telephone contact with JS who had left several messages for me to contact
her. During the message, she advised she was not completely truthful when we met in person but would like to
speak with me to advise what had happened. She further advised she did not want to speak of this incident in
front of her mother. At approximately 3:48 pm I made telephone contact with JS. During a taped recorded
statement JS stated the following: approximately a year ago, when she was sixteen years of age, Robson took her
to Epstein's house twice. She knows Robson because they both attend Royal Pal Beach High School. The first
time she went, Haley Robson drove to the house. They entered through the kitchen area where she was

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this i day of May, 2006 by County of Palm#each
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

ig ag

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.10)

Page lor 22

--- Page 7 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

introduced to Sarah and Epstein. She was taken upstairs to a bedroom by Sarah who set the room up with a
massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Epstein then entered the room wearing a towel. He laid on the
table and picked out a lotion for JS to rub on him. At one point during the massage he tried to remove her shirt,
at which point she became very upset and discontinued the massage. Both JS and Epstein had a verbal
disagreement, at which time she left without being paid. She got with Haley Robson who was sitting in the
kitchen and told her "let's go." JS advised she received no money for that day. JS also said that Haley Robson
had told her if she was uncomfortable with what was going on, to let him know and he'll stop. She knew that the
more you do the more you get paid. JS advised that several weeks later she agreed to be taken a second time

by Haley Robson. Once they arrived at the residence, Haley Robson sat in the kitchen and Sarah took her
upstairs to the master bedroom again. Sarah set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to

use. Epstein then entered the room wearing a towel. He laid on the table and picked out a lotion for JS to rub
on him. At one point during the massage he tried to touch her buttocks. As JS was wearing tight jeans and had a
tight belt on Epstein was unable to touch her buttocks. Epstein then rolled onto his back during the massage and
then attempted to touch her breasts. JS then became upset again and told Epstein she didn't want to be touched.
JS discontinued the massage and was paid $200.00. JS then went downstairs where Haley Robson was waiting
for her. She told Robson she wanted to leave. JS said she never returned to the house. JS stated she is aware
that her friend, 'as also at the house and had a problem with Epstein.

[later researched Sob GHRRIRIG met with her at her residence. During a sworn

taped statement, CED ted the following: on or about November 2004, she was approached at Royal Palm
Beach High School by Haley Robson, a fellow student. Robson asked EEEEEshe wanted to make money.
She agreed and was told she would