 house. JS stated she is aware
that her friend, 'as also at the house and had a problem with Epstein.

[later researched Sob GHRRIRIG met with her at her residence. During a sworn

taped statement, CED ted the following: on or about November 2004, she was approached at Royal Palm
Beach High School by Haley Robson, a fellow student. Robson asked EEEEEshe wanted to make money.
She agreed and was told she would provide a massage to wealthy man in Palm Beach. Robson picked her up
and drove her to a house in Palm Beach. She was brought into the kitchen area of the house. She further stated
that fellow Royal Palm Beach High School students YL 1 came with them. They were
brought into the kitchen where she was introduced to Epstein and other females. GRB ated she was
introduced to a female helper of Epstein, the female was described as white female (unknown name ), with
blond hair. She stated that the assistant was familiar with Robson. The assistant brought her upstairs into a
master bedroom area. The assistant set up the massage table and put out lotions to be used. She tol

Epstein would be available ina minute. Epstein entered the room wearing only a towel. Epstein removed his
towel, and laid naked on the massage table and picked a lotion to rub on his thighs and back. GBB urther
stated during the massage, Epstein asked her to remove her clothes. She complied and removed her pants and
blouse. ee remember if she had removed her bra but feels that she did. (as :.; certain that she
stayed in her thong underwear. WP ontinued the massage and at one point she climbed onto the massage

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1° day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LE A fo

Signature of Police Officer (F.S.S. 117.16)

Page' of 22

--- Page 8 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

table, straddling Epstein to massage his back. While doing this her buttocks were touching Epsteins. eae
was instructed to return to the ground at which time Epstein turned to have his chest rubbed. gape advised she
was sure he was masturbating based on his hand movements going up and down on his penis area. a id
not want to look at his penis area because she was uncomfortable. Epstein removed a large white vibrator which
was next to the massage table and turned it on. stated Epstein began rubbing the vibrator over her thong
underwear on her vaginal area. Shortly thereafter, Epstein ejaculated and removed himself from the table. He
walked over to where the shower was and opened the glass door. She waited as he was taking a shower in her
direct view. When | asked (how old she was when this occurred, she stated she had just turned

seventeen. At the conclusion of the shower, Gray. paid either $350.00 or $400.00. She stated she

wasn't sure, but knows it was close to $400.00. @iMMtated she never returned to provide a massage for
Epstein.

At approximately 2:10 pm, Det Dawson and I met with YL, lob (ge, her residence. As YL
was only seventeen years of age, I had notified her mother, that she would be interviewed reference an ongoing
investigation in Palm Beach. I assured her that her daughter was not a suspect. I explained the possibility of her
being either a witness or victim. Mrs L advised she wanted YL to