 CL began rubbing his feet and calves and Epstein turned over onto his
back. Epstein rubbed her vagina with his fingers. Epstein began to masturbate himself with an upwards and
downward motion on his penis. Epstein continued to touch her vagina with one hand and masturbate with the
other hand. Once Epstein ejaculated onto the towel he was wearing, the massage was over. CL was paid
$200.00 for the massage. Epstein again told CL not to speak of what happened at his house or bad things would
happen. CL wanted to notify authorities however she was afraid of what would happen to either her or her
family.

During the course of the investigation, several subjects were identified as a potential witness/victim
through information obtained during the trash pulls, physical surveillance and telephone message books retrieved
from the search warrant. While conducting research on the subjects, I discovered that the females were age
eighteen or older. Interviews were conducted on the consenting adults whose statements provided the same
massage routine when they went to "work" for Epstein. The females would be notified by Sarah Kellen, and
made appointments for the females to "work" for Epstein. The females would come to Epstein's house and were
led upstairs, through a stairwell from the kitchen area, by Sarah Kellen to Epstein's bedroom. Epstein would then
enter the room wearing only a towel, and ask them to get comfortable. The females would then provide the
massage naked as Epstein would either touch their vaginas with his fingers and/or utilize the massager/vibrator on

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1 day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

Signature of Soe oom (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Pagt of 22

--- Page 21 --Probable Cause Affidavit
Palm Beach Police Department

Agency ORI# FLO 500600

their vaginal area. He would masturbate during the massage and upon his climaxing, the massage would end. The
girls were then paid two or three hundred dollars for the massage.

On November 21, 2005 I interviewed Jose Alessi, a former houseman for Jeffrey Epstein. Alessi stated
he was employed for eleven years with Mr. Epstein, from approximately 1993 through 2004. Alessi stated he
was the house manager, driver and house maintenance person. It was his Tesponsibility to prepare the house for
Epstein s arrival. When asked about cooks or assistants, Alessi stated they traveled with Epstein on his private
plane. I asked Mr. Alessi about the massages that have occurred at Epstein's home. Alessi stated Epstein
receives three massages a day. Each masseuse that visited the house was different. Alessi stated that towards
the end of his employment, the masseuses were younger and younger. When asked how young, Mr. Alessi
stated they appeared to be sixteen or seventeen years of age at the most. The massages would occur in Epstein's
bedroom or bathroom. He knew this because he often set up the massage tables. | asked if there were things
going on other than a massage. Alessi stated that there were times towards the end of his employment that he
would have to wash off a massager/vibrator and a long rubber penis, which were in the sink after the massage.
Additionally, he stated the bed would almost always have to be made after the massage.

On January 4, 2006 I interviewed another former houseman, Mr Alfredo Rodriguez. During a swom
taped statement, Mr. Rodriguez stated he was employed by Jeffrey Epstein for approximately six months, from
November 2004 through May of 2005. His responsibilities