 led to a master bedroom and

bathroom. The massage table was already set up in the bathroom. ML described the bathroom as a large

spacious bathroom with a steam room and shower beside it. ML was introduced to Epstein who was on the

phone when she entered the room. Epstein was wearing a white towel and laid on his stomach so that ML may

The foregoing instrument was sworn to or affirmed State of Florida
before me this 1" day of May, 2006 by County of Palm Beach
Det Joe Recarey, who is personally known to me.

LZ a Z - Signa ting Officer
Signature of PoliceOfficer (F.S.S. 117.10) Date: 05/01/2006

Page "of 22

--- Page 19 --Probable Cause Affidavit

Palm Beach Police Department
Agency ORI# FLO 500600

massage his feet and calves. ML started the massage with the oils Epstein chose and rubbed his feet and calves.
Epstein got off the phone and requested she massage his back as well. ML began rubbing his back and got to
the small of his back. During the rubbing of his back, Epstein asked her to get comfortable. He requested she
remove her pants and shirt. ML removed her shirt and pulled her pants off. ML stayed in her bra and thong
panties. As she finished massaging the small of Epstein's back, he then turned onto his back. Epstein
instructed ML to rub his chest and pinch his nipples. As she began to rub his chest, Epstein asked her questions
about herself. ML remembered telling him she attended Royal Palm Beach High School. Epstein asked her if
she was sexually active. Before ML could answer, he also asked what sexual position does she enjoy. ML
stated she was shy and didn't like talking about those things. She continued rubbing his chest. Epstein reached
up and unsnapped her bra from the front. ML explained the bra she used had a front snapping device. Epstein
rubbed her breasts and asked her if she like having her breasts rubbed. ML said "no, I don't like that." Epstein
then removed his towel and laid on the bed naked exposing his penis to ML. He began touching his penis and
masturbated as he touched her breasts. ML explained Epstein then touched her vaginal area by rubbing her
vagina with his fingers on the outside of her thong panties. ML tensed up and stated Epstein was aware that she
was uncomfortable. ML stated that Epstein said to her, "Relax, I'm not going inside." She further explained
Epstein commented to her how beautiful and sexy she was. Epstein then moved her thong panties to one side
and began stroking her clitoris. ML said, "He commented how hard my clit was." He then inserted two fingers in
her vagina and was stroking her within her vagina. She tried pulling back to pull out his fingers from within her
vagina. Epstein removed his fingers from within her vagina and apologized for putting his fingers inside her.
During this time, he kept his hand on her vaginal area and continued to rub her vagina. ML stated he rubbed her
really hard as he was masturbating. ML said he climaxed onto the towel he had been previously wearing and got
up from the table. Epstein told her there was $200.00 dollars for her on the dresser within the master bathroom.
Epstein also told her that there was an additional $100.00 that was to be given to YL for bringing her there to
massage him. Epstein told her to leave her telephone number with his assistant as he wanted to see her again.
Epstein stated his assistant would contact her to work again soon. I asked her if she ever received any formal
massage training to which ML stated she did not. ML stated it was